---
uuid: 5cf4a2bc-a960-47cd-a9d7-af1550e2218e
draft: false
title: "Credit Card Information Management Policy"
path: /Data-Protection/Credit-Card-Information-Management-Policy
description: "This policy is intended to describe Nexraid’s proper handling of credit card transactions processed through automated systems and/or manual procedures."
keywords: 
  - data-protection
  - credit-card
  - card
  - pci
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: data-protection
date: 2020-01-10
version_date: 2020-01-10
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: kiathan
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Credit Card Information Management Policy
## Collection of Credit Card Information
Collection and analysis of credit card related data is not a primary use of the NexRaid solution and as such is not required for its operation. Any capture of credit card data is accidental and usually implies that the codes by the client is failing PCI compliance. However, NexRaid has no control over how this data is generated, processed or transmitted within customer network or solutions.


## Transmission of CC Information
Transmission of credit card related data is not part of the NexRaid Solution and as such is not required for its operation.

## Storage of CC Information
Storage of credit card related data is not part of the NexRaid solution and as such is not required for it’s operations. 


## Module/Application Handling of Credit Card Data
There are not modules and applications that are handling and credit card related data. Developers of the clients could incorporate numerous controls into their own applications which ensure that the raw sensitive information can never be accessed by any user or system administrator.


## Handling of Cardholder and Sensitive Authentication Data
Collection and analysis of credit card related data is not a primary use of the solution and as such, is not required for its operation. 
