1. If you wish to make
   1. an access request for access to a copy of the personal data which we hold about you or information about the ways in which we use or disclose your personal data, or
   2. a correction request to correct or update any of your personal data which we hold about you, you may submit your request in writing or via email to our Data Protection Officer at the contact details provided below.
2. Please note that a reasonable fee may be charged for an access request. If so, we will inform you of the fee before processing your request.
3. We will respond to your request as soon as reasonably possible. In general, our response will be within **fifteen (15) business days**. Should we not be able to respond to your request within thirty (30) days after receiving your request, we will inform you in writing within thirty (30) days of the time by which we will be able to respond to your request. If we are unable to provide you with any personal data or to make a correction requested by you, we shall generally inform you of the reasons why we are unable to do so (except where we are not required to do so under the PDPA).
4. Please note that depending on the request that is being made, we will only need to provide you with access to the personal data contained in the documents requested, and not to the entire documents themselves. In those cases, it may be appropriate for us to simply provide you with confirmation of the personal data that our organisation has on record, if the record of your personal data forms a negligible part of the document.