---
uuid: 59a200aa-dde8-4afb-b9af-9ceb272a1455
draft: false
title: "ISP19 - User Security Policy"
path: /ISP/ISP19-User-Security-Policy
additional_path:
    - "/ISP/ISP19"
    - "/ISP/User-Security-Policy"
    - "/Information-Security/User-Security-Policy"
description: "This policy outlines the User Security Policy for Nexraid's information system."
keywords: 
  - user
  - information
  - security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - ISP19
  - guideline
  - Nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
  - iso27001
  - iso27701
sidebar: isp
date: 2021-11-01
version_date: 2022-08-19
version_name: 2.0.0
version_changelog: Merge our original policy with the version audited by DPTM
author: danny
manager: lunghao
---


# Nexraid Information Security Policy 19 – User Security Policy

## Document Details
* Doc ID: ISP19
* Doc Title: User Security Policy
* Revision: 2.0
* Effective Date: 1 September 2022
* Last Review Date: 19 August 2022
* Author: Danny Tan
* Approver: Liu Lung Hao

## Introduction
Nexraid Consulting is heavily dependent on the use of Information Technology (IT) and computerized systems throughout the company. The protection of the availability, confidentiality and integrity of these systems is critical in the success of the company.  This document serves to create a structured approach to protection and control of IT resources.

## Scope
This policy applies to all Nexraid Consulting employees and business partners utilizing company Information Technology resources or operating within the network environment.

## Managing Information Assets

### Information Classification and Handling
1. All information shall be identified according to its level of confidentiality and business “need-to-know”. Security classifications and associated protective measures are based on the business need for sharing or restricting access to the information, and the potential business impact associated with unauthorised access or loss of information.
2. Information owner shall apply the appropriate classifications, labelling and handling methods as prescribed in the Information Classification policy.
3. If the classified information is sent to another organisation, the staff responsible for passing the information shall communicate the sensitivity of the document and its handling requirements to the recipient prior to distribution.

### Information Security Education and Training
1. All users must receive training and updates annually in the company’s policies and procedures including security requirements, business controls and/or use of information processing facilities where appropriate.
2. The appropriate information security requirements (policies, standards, guidelines or procedures) should be promulgated to external party by the requestor (staff) before they can conduct the work.


## Reporting Information Security Events, Weaknesses and Abuse

### Responding to Security Events and Weaknesses
1. Users shall report security events and/or weaknesses, including misuse of computing resources, in accordance to the Incident Management procedure.
2. Users are strictly prohibited from answering media inquiries pertaining to security incidents and shall refer all such inquiries to the appropriate company media communications officer.


### Reporting Hardware and Software Malfunctions
1. Users should be responsible to report all software or hardware that does not appear to be functioning properly to the IT department.
2. In an event of suspected malicious software, they shall report in accordance to the Incident Management procedure. Users shall observe the following:
note the symptoms and messages appearing on the screen,
stop using the computing equipment and isolate it if possible,
report the malfunction to through the reporting channel.
3. Users shall not attempt to remove suspected software unless they had been authorised.
4. Only authorised personnel can perform system recovery.


## Information Exchange
### Information Exchange within Company
1. All internal information exchange shall comply with the controls defined within Information Classification policy.

## Securing Information Exchange between External Parties
1. Confidentiality agreement (non-disclosure agreements) shall be in place before any classified documents can be exchanged with external parties.
2. Access to the Company’s information processing facilities by external parties shall be controlled. The person responsible for engaging the external party (the assessor) should review the security risks, and the following should minimally be considered:
   1. Type of access the external party need to perform the role
   2. Type of information that needs to be exchanged
   3. Type of software that needs to be exchanged
   4. The intended information/ software transmission or media exchange procedure/mechanism
3. The assessor shall then review the existing controls with respect to the identified logical and physical access and where needed, implement extra controls to mitigate the potential risks. All controls implemented/planned will be formalised where possible.
4. External parties requiring exchanging classified Information with the company on routine basis shall consider the following security requirements when entering into a formal agreement with the company:
   1. Information classification and handling arrangement
   2. Information and/or software transmission arrangement
   3. Media exchange arrangement
   4. Target level of acceptable service
   5. Responsibilities and liabilities of both parties
   6. Intellectual property rights (IPR) and copyright protection of collaboration work
   7. Physical and logical (including privileges) access control arrangement
   8. Requirement to maintain a list of individuals that are authorised to use the service and their privileges
   9. Right to monitor and revoke user activity
   10. Right to audit contractual responsibilities or audits carried out by a third party
   11. Restriction on copying and disclosing company’s information
   12. Return or destruction of all information upon the end of the contract
   13. Requirement to protect against malicious software
   14. Involvement of third party with other subcontractors


## Communication Restriction 

### Working in Restricted Areas
1. All employees shall wear their identification pass visibly to ensure that non-employees can be easily identified.
2. Communication about customer or internal issues should be made known to personnel on a need-to-know basis.
3. Only company issued portable storage media can be used for transferring of files between computer systems. Contents within the portable storage media shall be scanned for virus before any file transfer can take place.
4. Usage of mobile connectivity devices (e.g., modems or mobile token) is strictly prohibited while connecting to Organization network.
5. Visitor granted into restricted area should be under constant supervision or escorting.
6. Cleaning staff access shall be provided at a pre-arranged time when there are employees in the area.

### Voice and Fax
1. Users should be refrained from communicating “Secret”, “High Confidential”, “Confidential” and “Internal Use Only” classified information over unauthorised phone to avoid wiretapping.
2. Users shall not leave “Secret”, “High Confidential”, “Confidential” and “Internal Use Only” classified information in the recipient’s voice mail.
3. The usage of fax shall be in accordance to Information Classification procedure.

### Photocopying
1. All originals and duplicates shall be removed immediately after photocopying.
2. The usage of photocopier shall be in accordance to Information Classification procedure.

### Electronic messaging
1. Users shall use electronic mails and instant messaging for business or approved purpose only.
2. Where information is advertising in nature, users shall have the prefix header in the subject title of the email.
3. Information transmitted over e-mail should be protected with security mechanism as required by applicable encryption means.
4. All emails shall be accompanied by confidentiality note and disclaimer, indicating the limited liabilities tagged with the email.
5. E-mail should not be used for business processes that are time-dependent. (refer to APD01-POL05 on E-mail Policy for more details)


## Equipment Protection Policy

### Security of equipment on-premises
1. Portable equipment and workstations shall be secured using cable locks or kept in locked drawers when not in use.

### Security of equipment off-premises
1. Information within the off-premises equipment, including laptop, shall be limited just enough to serve the purpose and it shall be protected to the same degree of security control as the on-site equipment.
2. Manufacturers’ instructions for protecting equipment, including laptop, should be observed at all times, e.g., protection against exposure to strong electromagnetic fields.
3. When travelling, portable equipment should be hand carried and not checked in as unaccompanied baggage. Where equipment is not portable, tamper evident seal shall be used to ensure unaccompanied baggage is not tampered with.
4. User should not leave the equipment unattended in public places unless absolutely necessary.

### Removal of Property
1. Equipment and removable storage media shall not be removed and changed without specific authorisation from the IT department.

### Protection against Virus and Malicious Code 
1. Anti-virus detection software with regular updating of anti-virus patterns installed on computers shall not be deactivated at any one time. If the anti-virus signature cannot be updated for more than a week, it shall be raised as a fault. For users working offsite, anti-virus file is updated at the next available network connection.
2. Users shall ensure that the virus definitions file up to date prior to downloading any external files or browsing the Internet.
3. Users shall not attempt to open unsolicited or suspicious files through electronic mails, instant messaging or other social networking systems. They should attempt to seek clarification about the purpose of the file with the sender prior to opening.
4. Users shall scan external storage media which have been previously connected to non-Company information processing facilities for virus.
5. Users shall not surf unfamiliar or suspicious websites and should not disable pop-up blockers or phishing filters when using their internet browsers to surf unfamiliar websites.
6. If the computer is infected by virus, it must be immediately disconnected from all networks. Computer will not be reconnected until IT department has verified that all viruses have been removed. If the IT department fails to remove all viruses on the infected system, all software and files on the computer must be deleted inclusive of the boot records if necessary, and the software will be reinstalled and rescanned for virus. This shall be raised as a security incident.


## Access Restriction

### Password Protection
1. User shall be responsible for his/her User ID and password. He/she shall not disclose them to anybody regardless of situation.
2. User shall change initial or reset passwords immediately upon the first successful access, if not prompted to do so by the system.
3. Password shall be changed whenever there is any indication of possible compromise.
4. The new password shall be different from existing password and accordingly to the criteria set in the Password Management policy.
5. Any common passwords or codes known by employee who left the Company shall be changed or revoked and re-issued.
6. If an account or password is suspected to have been compromised, change all passwords and report the incident in accordance to the Incident Management procedure.

### Password Construction
1. Strong passwords shall be used for password construction with minimum password requirement in accordance to the Password Management policy. 
2. When issued with initial password, staff should immediately change the default password. It is the responsibility of the staff to ensure the password remains a secret and not disclosed or written down in plain sight.
3. Use password which are easy to remember but difficult to guess.

### Access Protection
1. User shall ensure that all active sessions shall be terminated and logged off when the session is completed.
2. User shall activate screen locks when they leave their workstation unattended and lock screen criteria to be set in accordance to Clear Screen policy.
3. User shall ensure portable computing devices are secured from unauthorised use through a key lock or an equivalent control such as password access when not in use.
4. All workstations and computer terminals shall have a password protected screen saver or other controls activated after a period of inactivity (maximum 15 min).


## Information Protection

### Media Protection
1. User shall ensure that sensitive document shall not be left exposed on their tables at end of each working day or when unattended from the desk for a period of time. These shall be handled based on the Clear Desk/Screen Policy.
2. Incoming and outgoing mail points and unattended fax machines should be protected.
3. Printed sensitive or classified information are cleared from printers and printers’ memory immediately.

### Data Backup
1. Users shall be responsible for deleting temporary files on user’ PCs and laptops to prevent possible misuse by possible unauthorised users and to conserve disk space for other business data.
2. All users are responsible for the backup of the business information/data residing in their information processing facilities by ensuring such information is saved in the correct directory/folder to be backed-up by IT department. If external storage media or standalone computers are used for storing business information/data, such information/data shall also be backed up.
3. Staff must take necessary measures to safeguard confidential data contained in their workstation prior to sending it for repair or maintenance. The recommended minimum requirement is to make a backup of the data and erasing it from the workstation 

### Encryption
1. Users shall not apply encryption to electronic data found in company issued devices without prior approval from the IT department.


## Third Party Intellectual Property Management

### License Management
1. Only licensed or accredited software shall be used for business activities within the company. Software owners shall ensure that the software is used within the limits of the terms and conditions stated in the agreement.
2. Software that is installed for trial run shall be removed from the test system when the trial run period is over.
3. IT department shall maintain installation records to-date to ensure that the maximum number of licenses purchased has not exceeded. Original licenses and master copies shall be kept in IT department as evidence of ownership.
4. Employee shall not make unauthorised copies of the licensed software.
5. Employee found installing unlicensed software shall be held fully responsible for copyright infringement.
6. Employee must not use their personal computer software within company’s premises.

### Customer Data for Configuration Testing
1. For all testing of customers’ specified configurations, no usage of actual customer data is allowed. All tests are to be conducted using anonymous data.