---
uuid: ab8f3084-50ea-492a-8461-b0d478c5f584
draft: false
title: "Information Classification Policy"
path: /Information-Security/Information-Classification-Policy
description: "This policy ensure that information assets receive a level of protection commensurate with the risks associated with the potential damage that can be caused to the Nexraid brand through its misuse."
keywords: 
  - dataProtection
  - classification
  - information
  - security
  - informationSecurity
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - Nexraid
  - docs
  - openSource
sidebar: information-security
date: 2020-01-10
version_date: 2020-01-10
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: kiathan
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Information Classification Policy
## Introduction
Nexraid Consulting Pte Ltd (Nexraid) processes information relating to its clients’ confidential and personal information relating to its business operations. A proportion of this information is business sensitive and consequentially appropriate security controls and measures need to be applied to safeguard the Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability of that data.


## Scope of Document
The scope of this policy applies to all information (data), within operational systems as well as that in temporary, backup and archive that is created, stored or processed by Nexraid and includes information held in electronic or hard-copy/paper formats and by its nature may also determine what can be communicated verbally to third parties.


## Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to ensure that information assets receive a level of protection commensurate with the risks associated with the potential damage that can be caused to the Nexraid brand through its misuse.
An information classification scheme shall be used to indicate the need and priority for security protection so that:
   1. The appropriate level of sensitivity of information is recognised;
   2. The appropriate method of handling and storing the information is identified and information is protected accordingly;
   3. Employees are aware of different sensitivity levels and can apply appropriate controls to the information they process in the course of their business activities
   4. Information is retained, handled and processed in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, Executive Orders, Directives, policies and business operational requirements.


## Classification General Requirements
1. Information is to be protected (classified) according to its business and personal sensitivity, i.e. the potential harm to the business or individual if the information were to be compromised in any way.
2. Departments need to determine which information requires additional protection, the appropriate controls and level of ‘Classification’ to be applied. Thereafter the information, in whatever form it takes must be labelled and handled according to its classification type; unless the information owner determines that the Classification level can be lowered. This must incorporate the protection of temporary or permanent copies including that held in backup and archive
3. Employees must consult with line managers if there is any potential issue regarding classification or if there is uncertainty which classification to use. Managers may consult with the Information Security Committee if they require assistance with the identification of the appropriate classification level.
4. The classification of information can change over time; generally, as information becomes outdated it becomes less sensitive. The Information Security Committee can lower the classification level in consultation with the author when it is no longer deemed to be appropriate.
5. Important business records and papers (hard copy materials) shall be afforded appropriate levels of protection and control to prevent their loss, unauthorised destruction, falsification, dissemination and access in accordance with statutory, regulatory, contractual or business requirements.
6. Care must be taken when assigning the appropriate classification, ’Over-classifying’ will result in unnecessary controls being applied to information that is not very sensitive, but ’under-classifying’ can lead to sensitive information being compromised.


## Information Security Aspects
1. To apply the policies and standards consistently across the company, information systems and data contained therein shall be classified according to the business purpose of the system and the impact that breaches in confidentiality, availability and integrity would have on the business should they occur.
2. Criteria forming the basis for determining the security and access requirements for information assets are:
   * Confidentiality (C): the information is not made available or disclosed to unauthorised individuals, entities or processes
   * Integrity (I): The information is current, complete and only authorised and accurate changes are made to it
   * Availability (A): That the information is presented to authorised users upon demand
   * Value (V): intellectual property and value to the business or an individual
3. The levels of security classification within the company are defined in the following sections.
4. Appendix 1 provides a description of the controls to be applied to the classification levels and different methods by which each may be processed in the conduct of business activities.

## Security Classification Tags
Security classification is assigned to every documents, files or forms, media (including but not limited to: CD-ROM, DVD, Magnetic tapes, USB devices, HDD). It is compulsory carry a label marking at the upper-left corner on all pages to denote the data classification. Ensure pages are numbered with page and number of pages. Staff should only distribute to authorised personnel according to the label tagged.

The data within Nexraid is classified within the following categories:

### Business Sensitive Data (Encrypted)
#### Secret
A Secret marking is applied to information which if subject to a security compromise may cause substantial damage to the company, its investors, customers or shareholders. Information marked ‘Secret requires a substantial degree of protection; consequentially little information belongs in this category which is to be used sparingly.

A compromise of such information could potentially result in:
   * Substantial loss of business credibility / reputation, which is likely to be impacted for a period of time
   * Senior management positions becoming untenable
   * Litigation, prosecution, fines and penalties from regulators and other parties against the company or an individual working on behalf of the company
   * Critical impact to clients and investors
   * Threats to maintaining business continuity
   * Serious damage to the corporate brand, its clients, investors and shareholders.

Markings include but not limited to:
   * Nexraid Secret - Management Only
   * Nexraid Secret - Management View Only
   * Nexraid Secret - SLT Only
   * Nexraid Secret - SLT View Only
   * Nexraid Secret - Personal

Examples of Secret data, that include but not limited to:
* Systems documentation and security configurations
* Encryption key algorithms and processes
* Security audit log files
* Business Intellectual Property (define specific types of data) may fall into this category (software code base, design plans, new products/services)
* Some elements of:
   * Audit reports
   * Risk Registers
   * Penetration and vulnerability tests
   * Incident Response Activities

##### Data Protection Strategy
Secret information must NEVER be left unattended on desks or in offices at any time. During the day, lock in a drawer/cupboard before vacating the office or work area. For out-of-hours ensure the materials are properly secured in a lockable cupboard or fire-resistant container with keys and/or combinations to which are under appropriate Key Controls. Removal of Secret material from the office is to enforced.

#### Confidential - (X)
The protective marking is accompanied by a notification of the subject matter to facilitate correct handling and easy appreciation of the ‘Need-to-Know’ requirement. Information classified as Confidential must be held, processed, transmitted and destroyed with levels of security commensurate with the potential for the damage or reputational harm it could cause the company in the event of a compromise occurring.

A breach of this data could potentially result in:
   * A serious breach of regulation with possible public sanctions and/or major litigation
   * Cause disruption to and loss of confidence from clients and investors
   * Loss of business credibility and impact the position of one or more senior managers.

Markings include but not limited to:
   * Nexraid Confidential - Internal Only
   * Nexraid Confidential - Internal View Only
   * Nexraid Confidential - FTE Only
   * Nexraid Confidential - FTE View Only
   * Nexraid Confidential - HR Only
   * Nexraid Confidential - HR View Only
   * Nexraid Confidential - Finance Only
   * Nexraid Confidential - Finance View Only

Examples of Confidential data, that include but not limited to:
* Corporate Strategic Plans
* Litigation strategy
* Profit & Loss data
* Merger and acquisition documents
* Subject Access Requests (DPA)
* Marketing and Intelligence report
* Application Source Code, particularly security functions
* Technical vulnerability assessments
* Penetration Test results
* Risk Assessments
* Risk Register
* Audit reports (External and Internal)
* Staff records that includes:
   * Staff appraisals
   * Disciplinary and Grievance reports
   * Offences, criminal convictions or security measures
   * Health and medical records

##### Data Protection Strategy
Confidential information must not be left unattended on desks or in offices during the working day or out-of-hours. For out-of-hours, ensure the materials are properly secured in a cupboard or locked drawer with keys and/or combinations to which are under appropriate Key Controls. When electronic material is to be printed, the use of network printers is to be avoided where practically possible.


#### Protected
Data is labelled ‘Protected’ if its unauthorised disclosure could cause harm to the company, its customers, employees, clients, partners, shareholders or any other individual. The data must be stored and handled so that only a defined subset of authorised persons can gain access to it. Protected information is made available to authorised employees and some specifically designated third parties, according to a business ‘need-to-know’ basis. Authorised persons are responsible for complying with the requisite policies and procedures to prevent unauthorised access to this information. A breach of this data could potentially result in:
   * A breach of regulations, reportable to the regulator, with the possibility of moderate litigation;
   * Short term negative impact on the corporate brand;
   * Affects upon the profitability of the business;
   * Minor disruption upon clients and third parties.

Markings include but not limited to:
   * Nexraid Protected - Authorized Partner Only
   * Nexraid Protected - Authorized Partner Viww Only

Examples of Protected data, that include but not limited to:
* Commercially sensitive information
* Sensitive management information
* Vendor contracts
* Client bank details
* Transaction records
* Personal Data as defined by the Personal Data Protection Act 2012

##### Data Protection Strategy
Staff are to apply within sight policy - information must be within sight and put away immediately when not required for use. When electronic materials are printed, they are to be collected and controlled immediately and are not to be left unattended on printers for unauthorised persons to view.


### Non-Sensitive Data (Decrypted)
Information classed as ‘Non-Sensitive’ would have no impact if it were exposed to unauthorised persons; either inside or outside of the organisation.

#### Internal Use
For information to be classed as ‘Internal Use’ there must be little/negligible impact if it were exposed to unauthorised persons (inside or outside the organisation). Data classified as ‘internal use’ can be stored in locations that are only accessible to authorised persons within the company or partner organization, which will include authorised employee, contractors and partners. People searching electronic files, hard copy materials or waste paper bins would have uncontrolled access to internal use documents and materials.

Markings include but not limited to:
   * Nexraid Internal Use Only

Examples of Internal Use data, that include but not limited to:
* Building Plans / layouts
* Telephone Directories
* Detailed sales/purchase reports if not deemed Business Sensitive
* Minutes of meetings if not deemed Business Sensitive
* Daily non-sensitive business activities
* General business and department functional materials

##### Data Protection Strategy
‘Internal Use’ documents has no special requirements other than application of clear desk policy. Ensue that materials for ‘Internal’ consumption only and are not inadvertently disclosed or released to unauthorised persons – i.e. made public or transferred by any means to third parties


#### Public Domain
Materials and business information authorised for routine disclosure and dissemination to all employees, third party suppliers, investors, shareholders, customers and the general public. In the normal course of business activities loss or damage to this information would cause little or no damage or impact to the business.

Markings include but not limited to:
   * Nexraid Public Authorized

Examples of Public Domain data, that include but not limited to:
* Office locations and opening times
* Product and service brochures, advertisements,
* Information contained on the corporate website
* Job announcements
* Press releases
* Annual Report (only after formally authorised public release / issue)

##### Data Protection Strategy
No protection required as information is publicly accessible.

## Responsibilities
1. The Information Security Manager shall make sure that an information classification scheme is designed, developed and implemented.
2. Information Owners shall verify periodically that information assets are classified according to the Classification Guidelines specified in the information classification scheme and labelled accordingly.
3. Staff shall make certain that they handle information according to its classification.
