---
uuid: ab8f3084-50ea-492a-8461-b0d478c5f584
draft: false
title: "Information Classification Policy"
path: /Information-Security/Information-Classification-Policy
description: "This policy ensure that information assets receive a level of protection commensurate with the risks associated with the potential damage that can be caused to the Nexraid brand through its misuse."
keywords: 
  - data-protection
  - classification
  - information
  - security
  - information-security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: information-security
date: 2020-01-10
version_date: 2021-11-01
version_name: 2.0.0
version_changelog: Second version after audited by ISO27001
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---


# Information Classification Policy

## Introduction
Information residing in Nexraid Consulting, related to the company and its clients, are valuable assets within the organization. Information leakage or compromise is a rising trend within all organizations and poses a serious risk of monetary and reputation loss for the company. As the company operates daily with many employees, it is vital that all types of information are well controlled and access only by authorised personnel.

## Scope
This policy applies to all Nexraid Consulting employees, information processing systems and applications containing different levels of sensitive information.

## Classification and Labelling

### Classification
1. All sensitive information must be classified as “Confidential” and covers the following:
2. Confidential information in this context is defined as “Any information, data, documents and materials in any form (including copies and abstracts thereof), whether tangible or intangible and relating in any way to such party, which is not in the public domain or readily available to the public and/or which any other party would reasonably recognise as being confidential in nature.
3. Confidential Information may belong to Nexraid or also belong to other parties but which is handled by Nexraid. Examples of Confidential Information include customer information, personal data, marketing strategies, price proposals to customers, etc.”
   1. “Secret” - Information that is sensitive, highly valuable and/or will have significant impact when leak to unintended party. Only the selected people should have access to such information.
   2. “High Confidential” - Information that is used by staff on a daily work basis but is not known to everyone in Nexraid. Only the staff within the related business unit should have access to such information.
   3. “Confidential” - Information that is used by staff on a daily work basis and is available to share within Nexraid.
   4. “Internal Use Only” and “Authorized” - Information shared and/or known by everyone in Nexraid and is allowed to be shared with authorised external party.
   5. “Public Information” - Information ready for public or is already in the public domain.
4. Head of Department (HOD) who managed the information is information owner throughout its lifecycle and is therefore responsible to classify sensitive information when applicable.
5. For the information stored in computer systems on which certain access control is employed and there is no label showing its sensitivity grade, the Staff shall handle it as “Internal Use Only” information.


### Labelling
1. “Confidential” and “Internal Use Only” information must be labelled. This treatment must be applied from the time it is created/acquired until when it is destroyed/disposed or declassified. Information owners must perform labelling no later than the time the information is created/acquired. Such markings must appear on all manifestations of the information regardless of its format of media such as paper or computer media including, but not limited to, optic, electronic and magnetic format. Staff is prohibited from removing the labels without obtaining the permission from the relevant HOD. Information owners must label the information with visual markings which clearly show their sensitivity. On papers or digital data, such markings must appear on the first page and other appropriate pages. In the case such information is captured on computer media, markings must also appear on the appropriate position of the media.

## Management Scheme
### Principle of Management
1. The company's information management scheme shall be based on the "need-to-know" principle. This term means only the personnel who have a legitimate and demonstrable business necessity can be authorized to access such information. Information owners shall take this principle into consideration when assigning the information as sensitive and entrusting to their care and when specifying its recipients.
2. Regardless of the form of recording and storage, information owners of “Confidential” and “Internal Use Only” information must specify its recipients in writing or another appropriate way. The information owners must also inform the recipients of the purposes and the scope of the use of the relevant information in an appropriate way. Recipients must follow the notified guiding principles in using the information and keep it confidential from others who are not authorized to access it. The authority to decide the propriety of disclosing such Information to third parties or persons other than the employees of the company lies only with HOD. Disclosing such information shall be permitted only in the cases where HOD recognizes there is a demonstrable business need. When disclosing such information, the HOD which the information is entrusted to must take necessary measures, such as obtaining a signed non-disclosure agreement to impose secrecy obligations on the recipients.

### Acquisition of Third Party’s Information
In acquiring proprietary information possessed by a third party for the business necessity of the company, the staff must take fair and lawful steps after due consultation with related HOD. Staff must also be mindful of minimizing contents and amount of information to acquire. Information owners of the proprietary from third parties must ensure that such information is handled with the same care as for the information of Nexraid. They must also assure that the security requirements defined in relevant acquisition contract concluded with the third parties are implemented.

### Transporting and Transmitting
When being delivered, “Confidential” and “Internal Use Only” information must be enclosed and directly handed to its recipients. Only in the cases of legitimate need, however, it is permissible to be sent by mail as long as the envelope is sealed and marked with appropriate labels. Persons other than the recipients must not open such mails. Delivering such information through e-mail or other online data transmission systems is permissible in the cases of uncompromising security requirements. In those cases, the information of substantial criticality shall be protected by encryption whenever applicable.

### Keeping in Storage
It is prohibited to take “Confidential” information out of Nexraid premises without prior approval of the HOD. Such information must be stored in a lockable cabinet or an equivalent secure place to allow only authorized persons to access. In storing sensitive Information in a lockable cabinet, the custodian must lock it when leaving the office. In the case of recording or storing sensitive information on information processing system, the custodian must employ appropriate security measures on the system to protect the information from unauthorized access, searching, falsification, deletion and other malicious actions carried out through computer network or other computer access. In addition, the owner or the custodian must take preventive measures against environmental and man-made disasters depending on the criticality of the information.

### Copying
Making copies of “Confidential” and “Internal Use Only” information is only permissible in the cases of business necessity for Nexraid, provided that prior approval of the information owner must be obtained. Staff must destruct or dispose the copies immediately when they are no longer necessary in accordance to the disposal procedures. Upon copying, staff must handle such copies following the same procedures set for their original. No creation of hardcopy material displaying PII without authorisation. 

### Downgrading and Declassifying
If “Confidential” and “Internal Use Only” information needs to be downgraded or declassified, the information owners must notify the relevant staff involved. Information owners must also put the date of declassifying at the classification marking on relevant document and such document to be stored separately from other similar information/files. In the case of having declassified information captured in a computer system file, the information owner must delete the marking of the file and transfer it to a separate storage media which is not labelled.


### Disposal, Loss of Sensitive Information 
1. When classified information is no longer needed, the information owner must securely dispose of or destroy it. In the case where such information is in a hardcopy form, for example in paper form, the material must be either shredded or burnt. In the case of information captured on computer storage media such as optical, electronic, or magnetic media, the information must be completely erased, or such media must be physically destroyed.
2. In the case of picking up a media or a document containing “Confidential” and/or “Internal Use Only” information, the finder must promptly submit it to its information owner and of unsure, to the company information security officer or HOD for further actions. 
3. In the case of having observed or found actual or potential leakage of “Confidential” and/or “Internal Use Only” information, the Staff must promptly report the fact to its information owner or the information security officer or HOD. After receiving an incident report, the related HOD must take appropriate corrective and preventive measures. Concerning actual or potential leakage of “Confidential” and/or “Internal Use Only” information residing in the company’s information processing systems and network systems, the information security officer shall conduct necessary investigation on the logs of the relevant system access, data storage or files and data transmission including related e-mails.