---
uuid: 5d74dbeb-7625-4db0-8554-e7a636d61e21
draft: false
title: "Nexraid Support Overview"
path: /Support/Overview
additional_path:
    - "/Support/"
description: "This document shows an overview of Nexraid support information."
keywords: 
  - support
  - overview
  - sla
  - agreement
  - service-level
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: support
date: 2020-01-07
version_date: 2020-01-07
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Support Overview
1. With every Nexraid product subscription, Nexraid Support provides global technical, pre-sales, billing, and licensing support. Support is available through both email and online support portal for both paid and trial subscriptions. With an active enterprise support agreement, instant messaging and phone support are also available.
2. Authorized administrators can use the online support portal to submit service requests online and view all open and recently closed service requests. Service requests submitted in the online support portal can be reopened for up to 14 days after the request has been closed. For instructions, see Contact Nexraid support.
3. The Nexraid technical support team troubleshoots only those issues that are related to product with a valid license or support plan. Issues that originate in customer networks or environment fall outside of the Nexraid support boundaries, and in these cases, customers must either work with their networking team or the engage the Nexraid Professional Services team for assistance.

## Supported Communication Languages
Nexraid supports both English and Mandarin Chinese (Simplified and Traditional) on a 24-hour basis. Depending on the location and language, Nexraid may also support other languages. However, availability for other communication languages may be limited.

## Type of Support
### Self-service Support
Self-service support is available for some of our product and includes troubleshooting tools and videos, help articles and videos, as well as forums and wikis on the internet. For more information about self-service support resources, see [Nexraid Docs](https://docs.nexraid.com).

### Pre-sales Support
Pre-sales support provides assistance on Nexraid product features and benefits, plan comparisons, pricing and licensing, and helps to identify the right solution to meet your business needs. In addition, pre-sales support can help you purchase and sign up for a trial. You may contact us during local business hours, Monday through Friday. Pre-sales support can be accessed using the same support option as with technical support. For instructions, see [Contact Nexraid Support](https://docs.nexraid.com/Support/Contact-Options).

### Billing and Subscription Management Support
Assistance for billing and subscription management issues is available online portal or by email during local business hours, Monday through Friday. Billing and subscription management support can be accessed using the same support option as with technical support. For instructions, see [Contact Nexraid Support](https://docs.nexraid.com/Support/Contact-Options).

Here are some examples of billing and subscription management issues:
* Signing up for a trial or purchasing a subscription
* Converting from a trial subscription to a paid subscription
* Understanding the bill
* Renewing a subscription
* Adding or removing licenses
* Cancelling a paid subscription

### Standard Technical Support
Standard Technical support provides assistance with basic installation, setup, and general technical usage. Any issue not stated in the following may be consider as [Advanced Technical Support](#Advanced-Technical-Support).

Some examples of these issues are:
* Office 365 Admin Centre
   * Service configuration failure issues
   * Provisioning issues
   * Domain setup and re-delegation
   * Service configuration issues
   * Active Directory synchronization
* Exchange Online
   * Office 365 mailbox creation
   * Recipient configuration (mailbox permissions, configuring mail forwarding, configuring shared mailbox)
   * Autodiscover configuration
* SharePoint Online:
   * Permissions and user groups
   * Configuration of external users
* Microsoft Office 365 ProPlus
   * Installation and setup assistance

### Advanced Technical Support
Advanced Technical support provides assistance with technical issue outside of [Standard Technical Support](#Standard-Technical-Support) coverage.

### Enterprise Professional Support
While the basic support services are included with some products. Customers with more advanced requirements or complex environments should consider paid Enterprise Professional Support options from Nexraid. These elevated support offers include quicker response objectives, the ability to set issue severity level, and access to additional technical resources and support account management.

Examples of elevated support include:
* Service update management
* End-to-end support for clients and services
* Direct end-user support
* Reactive and advisory services from advanced engineers
* Incident management and on-site workshops


## Shared Support Responsibilities
Nexraid understands that receiving timely technical support from qualified professionals is a key aspect of cloud services. Equally important is the critical role that the customer's IT department plays in the support of its users.

### Customer’s Role and Responsibilities
People with administrator roles are the only ones in the customer's organization authorized to access the configurations and to communicate directly with Nexraid about service requests. You can designate different service administrators who serve different functions. 

* The administrator is:
   * Responsible for service administration and account maintenance.
   * The primary contact that sets up and supports each service user.
   * Authorized to submit service requests to Nexraid.
* The administrator's role is to:
   * Provide user account setup and configuration to allow users access to the services.
   * Address client connectivity, client software, and mobility installation issues.
   * Address service availability issues within the customer's organizational span of control.
   * Use Nexraid's self-service support resources to resolve support issues.
   * The administrator is expected to provide initial assistance for the customer's end-users. However, if the administrator is unable to resolve issues with the help of self-service support resources, he or she should [contact Nexraid Technical Support](https://docs.nexraid.com/Support/Contact-Options).

### Nexraid Support Role
Nexraid support's role is to:
* Troubleshoot and provide technical guidance for customer issues and escalations.
* Gather and validate information related to specific service requests.
* Provide issue coordination and resolution management.
* Maintain communication with the administrators to help ensure that issues are addressed on an ongoing basis.
* Provide assistance with licensing, invoicing, and subscription inquiries.
* Provide assistance with purchasing and trial inquiries.
* Continually gather customer feedback on how to improve the service through surveys.
