---
uuid: 4b2f1d7f-8031-479c-af1d-5aaa2f489b41
draft: false
title: "Equal Opportunities Statement"
path: /Culture/Equal-Opportunities-Statement
description: "Nexraid is an equal opportunity supporter and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any kind. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all."
keywords: 
  - equal
  - opportunity
  - equalOpportunity
  - culture
  - statement
  - agreement
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - openSource
sidebar: culture
date: 2020-01-07
version_date: 2020-01-07
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Equal Opportunities Statement
Nexraid is an equal opportunity supporter and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any kind. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all. Nexraid is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer.

We do not discriminate against race, colour, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, social or ethnic origin, political affiliation, medical condition (including HIV), sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, ancestry, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor.

All aspects of our employment including the decision to recruit, hire, placement, promote, discipline, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, training and development, will be based on qualifications, merit, job requirements and business needs.

We seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool. We believe that diversity and inclusion among our teammates can bring us different perspective to build a more inclusive products and services. This is critical to grow our company into strong global leader.

Our recruitment process is designed to review a candidate purely based on suitability of the role. The hiring process also provides reasonable accommodation for qualified disabled individuals during the application. In most cases, we will offer an alternative role if the applied role is not suitable to the applicant.

We pledge to protect our employee, contractor, partner, vendor and client against discrimination and harassment. As such, we will conduct formal investigation if any of inappropriate workplace behaviour is reported. If you would like to help us be more inclusive or report an inappropriate behaviour such as discrimination and harassment, please report to equal@nexraid.com.

> Lung Hao, co-founder of Nexraid Consulting
