---
uuid: 5146bc0f-5422-4bc2-88b4-de13ac1373b0
draft: false
title: "Nexraid Customer Agreement"
path: /legal/eula
description: "Nexraid Customer Agreement"
keywords: 
  - customer
  - agreement
  - general
  - legal
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - openSource
sidebar: legal
date: 2020-01-12
version_date: 2020-01-12
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Customer Agreement
This Nexraid Customer Agreement (the “Agreement”) is between Customer and Nexraid and consists of these General Terms, the applicable Use Rights and SLAs, and any additional terms Nexraid presents when an order is placed. This Agreement takes effect when the Customer accepts these General Terms. The individual who accepts these General Terms represents that he or she is authorized to enter into this Agreement on behalf of the Customer.

## General Terms
These General Terms apply to all of Customer's orders under this Agreement. Capitalized terms have the meanings given under [“Definition and Abbreviation”](https://docs.nexraid.com/Definition-and-Abbreviation).

## License to use Nexraid Products
### License Grant
Products are licensed and not sold. Upon Nexraid's acceptance of each order and subject to Customer's compliance with this Agreement, Nexraid grants Customer a nonexclusive and limited license to use the Products ordered as provided in the applicable Use Rights and this Agreement. These licenses are solely for Customer's own use and business purposes and are non-transferable except as expressly permitted under this Agreement or applicable law.

### Duration of Licenses
Licenses granted on a subscription basis expire at the end of the applicable subscription period unless renewed. Licenses granted for metered Products billed periodically based on usage continue as long as Customer continues to pay for its usage of the Product. All other licenses become perpetual upon payment in full.

### Applicable Use Rights
1. For perpetual licenses, the Use Rights in effect when Customer orders a Product will apply.
2. For subscriptions, the Use Rights in effect at the start of each subscription period will apply. Customers with subscriptions for Software may use new versions released during the subscription period subject to the Use Rights in effect when those versions are released.
3. For metered Products billed periodically based on usage, the Use Rights in effect at the start of each billing period will apply during that period.

Nexraid may update the Use Rights periodically, but material adverse changes for a particular version will not apply during the applicable license, subscription, or billing period.

### End Users
Customer will control access to and use of the Products by End Users and is responsible for any use of the Products that does not comply with this Agreement.

### Affiliates
Customer may order Products for use by its Affiliates. If it does, the licenses granted to Customer under this Agreement will apply to such Affiliates, but Customer will have the sole right to enforce this Agreement against Nexraid. Customer will remain responsible for all obligations under this Agreement and for its Affiliates' compliance with this Agreement.

### Reservation of Rights
Nexraid reserves all rights not expressly granted in this Agreement. Products are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and international treaties. No rights will be granted or implied by waiver or estoppel. Rights to access or use a Product on a device do not give Customer any right to implement Nexraid patents or other Nexraid intellectual property in the device itself or in any other software or devices.

### Restrictions
Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement or Product documentation, Customer must not (and is not licensed to):
1. reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any Product, or attempt to do so;
2. install or use non-Nexraid software or technology in any way that would subject Nexraid's intellectual property or technology to any other license terms;
3. work around any technical limitations in a Product or restrictions in Product documentation;
4. separate and run parts of a Product on more than one device;
5. upgrade or downgrade parts of a Product at different times;
6. transfer parts of a Product separately; or
7. distribute, sublicense, rent, lease, or lend any Products, in whole or in part, or use them to offer hosting services to a third party.

### License Transfers
Customer may only transfer fully-paid, perpetual licenses under this Agreement to an Affiliate or a third party solely in connection with the transfer of hardware to which, or employees to whom, the licenses have been assigned as part of a divestiture of all or part of an Affiliate or a merger involving Customer or an Affiliate. Upon such transfer, Customer must uninstall and discontinue using the licensed Product and render any copies unusable. Customer must notify Nexraid of a license transfer and provide the transferee a copy of these General Terms, the applicable Use Rights and any other documents necessary to show the scope, purpose and limitations of the licenses transferred. Nothing in this Agreement prohibits the transfer of Software to the extent allowed under applicable law if the distribution right has been exhausted.

### Customer Eligibility
Customer agrees that if it is purchasing academic, government or non-profit offers, Customer meets the respective [eligibility requirements](https://docs.nexraid.com/eligiblitydefinition). Nexraid reserves the right to verify eligibility and suspend product use if requirements are not met.

## Non-Nexraid Products
Non-Nexraid Products are provided under separate terms by the Publishers of such products. Customer will have an opportunity to review those terms prior to placing an order for a Non-Nexraid Product through a Nexraid online store or Online Service. Nexraid is not a party to the terms between Customer and the Publisher. Nexraid may provide Customer's contact information and transaction details to the Publisher. Nexraid makes no warranties and assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever for Non-Nexraid Products. Customer is solely responsible for its use of any Non-Nexraid Product.
 
## Verifying Compliance
Customer must keep records relating to Products it and its Affiliates use or distribute. At Nexraid's expense, Nexraid may verify Customer's and its Affiliates' compliance with this Agreement at any time upon 30 days' notice. To do so, Nexraid may engage an independent auditor (under nondisclosure obligations) or ask Customer to complete a self-audit process. Customer must promptly provide any information and documents that Nexraid or the auditor reasonably requests related to the verification and access to systems running the Products. If verification or self-audit reveals any unlicensed use, Customer must, within 30 days, order sufficient licenses to cover the period of its unlicensed use. Without limiting Nexraid's other remedies, if unlicensed use is 5% or more of Customer's total use of all Products, Customer must reimburse Nexraid for its costs incurred in verification and acquire sufficient licenses to cover its unlicensed use at 150% of the then-current Customer price or the maximum allowed under applicable law, if less. All information and reports related to the verification process will be Confidential Information and used solely to verify compliance. 

## Privacy
### Personal Data
Customer consents to the processing of Personal Data by Nexraid and its Affiliates, and their respective agents and subcontractors, as provided in this Agreement. Before providing Personal Data to Nexraid, Customer will obtain all required consents from third parties (including Customer's contacts, Partners, distributors, administrators, and employees) under applicable privacy and data protection laws.

### Location of Personal Data
To the extent permitted by applicable law, Personal Data collected under this Agreement may be transferred, stored and processed in Singapore or any other country in which Nexraid or its Affiliates, or their respective agents and subcontractors, maintain facilities. Nexraid will abide by the requirements of United States, European Economic Area and Swiss data protection law regarding the collection, use, transfer, retention, and other processing of Personal Data from the United States, European Economic Area and Switzerland. 

## Confidentiality
### Confidential Information
“Confidential Information” is non-public information that is designated “confidential” or that a reasonable person should understand is confidential, including, but not limited to, Customer Data, the terms of this Agreement, and Customer's account authentication credentials. Confidential Information does not include information that:
1. becomes publicly available without a breach of a confidentiality obligation;
2. the receiving party received lawfully from another source without a confidentiality obligation;
3. is independently developed; or
4. is a comment or suggestion volunteered about the other party's business, products or services.

### Protection of Confidential Information
Each party will take reasonable steps to protect the other's Confidential Information and will use the other party's Confidential Information only for purposes of the parties' business relationship. Neither party will disclose Confidential Information to third parties, except to its Representatives, and then only on a need-to-know basis under non-disclosure obligations at least as protective as this Agreement. Each party remains responsible for the use of Confidential Information by its Representatives and, in the event of discovery of any unauthorized use or disclosure, must promptly notify the other party. The Online Services Terms may provide additional terms regarding the disclosure and use of Customer Data.

### Disclosure Required by Law
A party may disclose the other's Confidential Information if required by law, but only after it notifies the other party (if legally permissible) to enable the other party to seek a protective order.

### Residual Information
Neither party is required to restrict work assignments of its Representatives who have had access to Confidential Information. Each party agrees that the use of information retained in Representatives' unaided memories in the development or deployment of the parties' respective products or services does not create liability under this Agreement or trade secret law, and each party agrees to limit what it discloses to the other accordingly.

### Duration of Confidentiality Obligation
These obligations apply for
1. Customer Data, until it is deleted from the Online Services; and
2. All other Confidential Information, for a period of five years after a party receives the Confidential Information. 
 
## Product Warranties
### Limited Warranties and Remedies
#### Online Services
Nexraid warrants that each Online Service will perform in accordance with the applicable SLA during Customer's use. Customer's remedies for breach of this warranty are described in the SLA. 

#### Software
Nexraid warrants that the Software version that is current at the time will perform substantially as described in the applicable Product documentation for one year from the date Customer acquires a license for that version. If it does not, and Customer notifies Nexraid within the warranty term, Nexraid will, at its option,
1. return the price Customer paid for the Software license or
2. repair or replace the Software.

The remedies above are Customer's sole remedies for breach of the warranties in this section. Customer waives any warranty claims not made during the warranty period.

### Exclusions
The warranties in this Agreement do not apply to problems caused by accident, abuse, or use inconsistent with this Agreement, including failure to meet minimum system requirements. These warranties do not apply to free, trial, preview, or pre-release products, or to components of Products that Customer is permitted to redistribute.

### Disclaimer
Except for the limited warranties above and subject to applicable law, Nexraid provides no other warranties or conditions for Products and disclaims any other express, implied or statutory warranties for Products, including warranties of quality, title, non-infringement, merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose.
