---
uuid: dba321e4-9861-4850-84c4-9694a9dab568
draft: false
title: "Acceptable Use Policy"
path: /Information-Security/Acceptable-Use-Policy
description: "Acceptable Usage Policy covers the security and use of all information and IT equipment. It also includes the use of email, internet, voice and mobile IT equipment."
keywords: 
  - employee
  - acceptable-usage
  - operation
  - business
  - policy
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: information-security
date: 2020-01-10
version_date: 2020-01-10
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: kiathan
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Employees Acceptable Usage Policy

## Overview
The purpose of this policy is to establish acceptable and unacceptable use of electronic devices and network resources at Nexraid Consulting Pte Ltd (Nexraid) in conjunction with its established culture of ethical and lawful behavior, openness, trust, and integrity. Nexraid provides computer devices, networks, and other electronic information systems to meet missions, goals, and initiatives and must manage them responsibly to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of its information assets. This policy requires the users of information assets to comply with company policies and protects the company against damaging legal issues.

## Scope
All employees, contractors, consultants, temporary and other workers at Nexraid, including all personnel affiliated with third parties must adhere to this policy. This policy applies to information assets owned or leased by Nexraid or to devices that connect to a Nexraid network or reside at a Nexraid site. Information Security must approve exceptions to this policy in advance through a formal written request to [Information Security Steering Committee](https://docs.nexraid.com/Information-Security/Information-Security-Steering-Committee).


## General Requirements
1. You are responsible for exercising good judgment regarding appropriate use of Nexraid resources in accordance with Nexraid policies, standards, and guidelines. Nexraid resources may not be used for any unlawful or prohibited purpose. 
2. For security, compliance, and maintenance purposes, authorized personnel may monitor and audit equipment, systems, and network traffic per the Audit Policy. Devices that interfere with other devices or users on the Nexraid network may be disconnected. Information Security prohibits actively blocking authorized audit scans. Firewalls and other blocking technologies must permit access to the scan sources. 


## System Accounts
1. You are responsible for the security of data, accounts, and systems under your control. Keep passwords secure and do not share account or password information with anyone, including other personnel, family, or friends. Providing access to another individual, either deliberately or through failure to secure its access, is a violation of this policy.
2. You must maintain system-level and user-level passwords in accordance with the Password Policy. 
3. You must ensure through legal or technical means that proprietary information remains within the control of Nexraid at all times. Conducting Nexraid business that results in the storage of proprietary information on personal or non-Nexraid controlled environments, including devices maintained by a third party with whom Nexraid does not have a contractual agreement, is prohibited. This specifically prohibits the use of an e-mail account that is not provided by Nexraid, or its customer and partners, for company business.


## Computing Assets
1. You are responsible for ensuring the protection of assigned Nexraid assets that includes the use of computer cable locks and other security devices. Laptops left at Nexraid overnight must be properly secured or placed in a locked drawer or cabinet. Promptly report any theft of Nexraid assets to the Incident Response team (found in Incident Response Plan).
2. All PCs, PDAs, laptops, and workstations must be secured with a password-protected screensaver with the automatic activation feature set to 10 minutes or less. You must lock the screen or log off when the device is unattended.
3. Devices that connect to the Nexraid network must comply with the Minimum Access Policy.
4. Do not interfere with corporate mobile device management or security system software, including, but not limited to, antivirus and endpoint solutions.

## Network Use
You are responsible for the security and appropriate use of Nexraid network resources under your control. Using Nexraid resources for the following is strictly prohibited:
1. Causing a security breach to either Nexraid or other network resources, including, but not limited to, accessing data, servers, or accounts to which you are not authorized; circumventing user authentication on any device; or sniffing network traffic.
2. Causing a disruption of service to either Nexraid or other network resources, including, but not limited to, ICMP floods, packet spoofing, denial of service, heap or buffer overflows, and forged routing information for malicious purposes.
3. Introducing honeypots, honeynets, or similar technology on the Nexraid network.
4. Violating copyright law, including, but not limited to, illegally duplicating or transmitting copyrighted pictures, music, video, and software. 
5. Exporting or importing software, technical information, encryption software, or technology in violation of international or regional export control laws. 
6. Use of the Internet or Nexraid network that violates the Acceptable usage Policy, Nexraid policies, or local laws.  
7. Intentionally introducing malicious code, including, but not limited to, viruses, worms, Trojan horses, e-mail bombs, spyware, adware, and keyloggers. 
8. Port scanning or security scanning on a production network unless authorized in advance by Information Security.


## Electronic Communications
The following are strictly prohibited:
1. Inappropriate use of communication vehicles and equipment, including, but not limited to, supporting illegal activities, and procuring or transmitting material that violates Nexraid policies against harassment or the safeguarding of confidential or proprietary information. 
2. Sending Spam via e-mail, text messages, pages, instant messages, voice mail, or other forms of electronic communication.  
3. Forging, misrepresenting, obscuring, suppressing, or replacing a user identity on any electronic communication to mislead the recipient about the sender. 
4. Posting the same or similar non-business-related messages to large numbers of Usenet newsgroups (newsgroup spam).
5. Use of a Nexraid e-mail or IP address to engage in conduct that violates Nexraid policies or guidelines. Posting to a public newsgroup, bulletin board, or listserv with a Nexraid e-mail or IP address represents Nexraid to the public; therefore, you must exercise good judgment to avoid misrepresenting or exceeding your authority in representing the opinion of the company. 


## Enforcement
An employee found to have violated this policy may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. A violation of this policy by a temporary worker, contractor or vendor may result in the termination of their contract or assignment with Nexraid.
