---
uuid: dba321e4-9861-4850-84c4-9694a9dab568
draft: false
title: "ISP01 - Acceptable Use Policy"
path: /ISP/ISP01-Acceptable-Use-Policy
additional_path:
    - "/ISP/ISP01"
    - "/ISP/Acceptable-Use-Policy"
    - "/Information-Security/Acceptable-Use-Policy"
description: "Acceptable Use Policy covers the security and use of all information and IT equipment. It also includes the use of email, internet, voice and mobile IT equipment."
keywords: 
   - employee
   - acceptable
   - use
   - usage
   - operation
   - business
   - network
   - information
   - security
   - data
   - protection
   - policy
   - isp
   - ISP01
   - guideline
   - nexraid
   - docs
   - open-source
   - iso27001
   - iso27701
sidebar: isp
date: 2020-01-10
version_date: 2022-08-01
version_name: 4.0.0
version_changelog: Merge our original policy with the version audited by DPTM
author: kiathan & lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Information Security Policy 08 - Acceptable Use Policy

## Document Details
* Doc ID: ISP01
* Doc Title: Acceptable Use Policy
* Revision: 4.0
* Effective Date: 1 August 2022
* Author: Liu Lung Hao
* Approver: Chairman of Nexraid Information Security Steering Committee

## Introduction
The purpose of this policy is to establish acceptable and unacceptable use of electronic devices and network resources at Nexraid Consulting Pte Ltd (Nexraid) in conjunction with its established culture of ethical and lawful behavior, openness, trust, and integrity. Nexraid provides computer devices, networks, and other electronic information systems to meet missions, goals, and initiatives and must manage them responsibly to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of its information assets. This policy requires the users of information assets to comply with company policies and protects the company against damaging legal issues.


## Scope
1. This policy applies to information assets owned or leased by Nexraid or to devices that connect to a Nexraid network or reside at a Nexraid site.
2. All employees, contractors, consultants, temporary and other workers at Nexraid, including all personnel affiliated with third parties must adhere to this policy.
3. Information Security must approve exceptions to this policy in advance through a formal written request to [Information Security Steering Committee](/Information-Security/Information-Security-Steering-Committee).


## General Requirements
1. Users are responsible for exercising good judgment regarding appropriate use of Nexraid resources in accordance with Nexraid policies, standards, and guidelines. Nexraid resources may not be used for any unlawful or prohibited purpose. 
2. For security, compliance, and maintenance purposes, authorized personnel may monitor and audit equipment, systems, and network traffic per the Audit Policy. Devices that interfere with other devices or users on the Nexraid network may be disconnected. Information Security prohibits actively blocking authorized audit scans. Firewalls and other blocking technologies must permit access to the scan sources.

## System Accounts
1. Users are responsible for the security of data, accounts, and systems under users' control. Keep passwords secure and do not share account or password information with anyone, including other personnel, family, or friends. Providing access to another individual, either deliberately or through failure to secure its access, is a violation of this policy.
2. Users must maintain system-level and user-level passwords in accordance with the Password Policy.
3. Users must ensure through legal or technical means that proprietary information remains within the control of Nexraid at all times. Conducting Nexraid business that results in the storage of proprietary information on personal or non-Nexraid controlled environments, including devices maintained by a third party with whom Nexraid does not have a contractual agreement, is prohibited. This specifically prohibits the use of an e-mail account that is not provided by Nexraid, or its customer and partners, for company business.


## Computing Assets
1. Users are responsible for ensuring the protection of assigned Nexraid assets that includes the use of computer cable locks and other security devices. Laptops left at Nexraid overnight must be properly secured or placed in a locked drawer or cabinet. Promptly report any theft of Nexraid assets to the Incident Response team (found in Incident Response Plan).
2. Users must lock the screen or log off immediately when the device is unattended.
3. Devices that connect to the Nexraid network must comply with the Minimum Access Policy.
4. Do not interfere with corporate mobile device management or security system software, including, but not limited to, antivirus and endpoint solutions.

## Network Use
1. Users are responsible for the security and appropriate use of Nexraid network resources.
2. Using Nexraid resources for the following is strictly prohibited:
   1. Causing a security breach to either Nexraid or other network resources, including, but not limited to, accessing data, servers, or accounts to which users are not authorized; circumventing user authentication on any device; or sniffing network traffic.
   2. Causing a disruption of service to either Nexraid or other network resources, including, but not limited to, ICMP floods, packet spoofing, denial of service, heap or buffer overflows, and forged routing information for malicious purposes.
   3. Introducing honeypots, honeynets, or similar technology on the Nexraid network.
   4. Violating copyright law, including, but not limited to, illegally duplicating or transmitting copyrighted pictures, music, video, and software. 
   5. Exporting or importing software, technical information, encryption software, or technology in violation of international or regional export control laws. 
   6. Use of the Internet or Nexraid network that violates the Acceptable usage Policy, Nexraid policies, or local laws.  
   7. Intentionally introducing malicious code, including, but not limited to, viruses, worms, Trojan horses, e-mail bombs, spyware, adware, and keyloggers. 
   8. Port scanning or security scanning on a production network unless authorized in advance by Information Security.


## Electronic Communications
The following are strictly prohibited:
1. Inappropriate use of communication vehicles and equipment, including, but not limited to, supporting illegal activities, and procuring or transmitting material that violates Nexraid policies against harassment or the safeguarding of confidential or proprietary information. 
2. Sending Spam via e-mail, text messages, pages, instant messages, voice mail, or other forms of electronic communication.  
3. Forging, misrepresenting, obscuring, suppressing, or replacing a user identity on any electronic communication to mislead the recipient about the sender. 
4. Posting the same or similar non-business-related messages to large numbers of Usenet newsgroups (newsgroup spam).
5. Use of a Nexraid e-mail or IP address to engage in conduct that violates Nexraid policies or guidelines. Posting to a public newsgroup, bulletin board, or listserv with a Nexraid e-mail or IP address represents Nexraid to the public; therefore, users must exercise good judgment to avoid misrepresenting or exceeding users' authority in representing the opinion of the company. 


## Acceptable Practices

### Approved Use of Information Processing Systems
1. Users shall use Company issued information processing facilities and devices for processing, storing information and/or gaining access into Company application systems for work purposes only. Users shall also be responsible for the care and protection of the equipment issued to them.
2. Users shall not use their personal (i.e. personal property and/or not issued by Company) information processing systems to process and store information, connect to corporate network and/or gain access to any application systems, unless otherwise gain prior approval by the Data Protection Officer (DPO).
3. If the non-Company issued information processing systems are approved for use, it must be subjected to the same level of security requirements and checks as Company furnished information processing systems. The security requirements include the security protections mechanisms and disposal methods. The users must also ensure that all software programs, including anti-virus programs, are updated with the latest patches or signature files.
4. Users shall be accountable for the confidentiality of the data residing in the information processing systems issued or assigned to them, as well as the activities originating from the information processing systems.
5. All data stored within the Company issued information processing systems or approved non-Company issued information processing systems shall be the property of the Company.
6. The Company has the rights to access and disclose any information created, sent or received by the User through formal approval from the Senior Management.
7. The Company has the rights to monitor staff's usage of computing and networking resources as well as preventing users from accessing any internet/intranet resources that are deemed to be inappropriate.
8. Users shall cooperate with system administrators by enabling remote assistance feature in their computer systems when there is a need to perform troubleshooting. By default, this remote assistance feature shall be disabled 


### Principles of Acceptable Use

All users shall:
1. Respect the laws, particularly legal protection provided to programs, creative content and data by copyright and license.
2. Safeguard their identification and authentication information such as log-on ID, passwords, personal identification numbers, security token, etc.
3. Protect data from unwanted use or disclosure otherwise than as required by any law.
4. Respect the integrity of information processing facilities. For example, staff shall not use, employ, or develop programs or procedures that harass other staff or infiltrate a computer or computing system and/or damage or alter any component of a computer or computing system.
5. Access to the Internet from Company owned facility; home based computing equipment must adhere to all the same policies that apply when using it for Company work. Staff must not allow family members or other non-staff to access Company computer systems without prior approval or under direct supervision by the staff.
6. As a convenience to the Company's user community, incidental use of computing services and equipment is permitted. The following restrictions to such use apply:
   1. Use of electronic mail, internet access, fax machines, printers, copiers, etc is restricted to Company's authorised users; it does not extend to family or other acquaintances.
   2. Use must not result in direct costs to the Company.
   3. Use must not interfere with the normal performance of a staff's work duties.
   4. No files or documents may be sent or received that may cause legal action against or embarrassment to the Company.
   5. Storage of personal email messages, voice messages, files and documents within the Company computing resources must be nominal.
   6. All messages, files and documents regardless of personal possession or Company owned that are located on the Company's computing resources are owned by the Company. They may be subjected to open record requests and may be assessed in accordance to this policy.
   7. Teleworking to be included.


## Unacceptable Practices
Staff of the Company must not engage in any activities that are prohibited by the Company or this policy. Activities specifically prohibited include the following:

### General Prohibited Activities
1. Violation of copyright, trade secret, patent, trade mark, or other intellectual property law or similar or associated laws or regulations.
2. Transmitting any message, image or material that is, in the Company's opinion, unlawful, obscene, harassing, threatening, offensive, abusive, libellous, scandalous, seditious, or hateful, or encourages conduct that may constitute a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law.
3. Attempting to circumvent user authentication or security of any host, network, or account.
4. Attempting to access any data or programs contained on the Company's systems for which they do not have authorisation or explicit consent.
5. Attempting to obtain extra resources beyond those allocated.
6. Revealing or publicising proprietary or confidential information or distribution of the Company's data, information and/or materials without the requisite authority.
7. Copying of data and information that is proprietary to the Company for personal gains.
8. Actions that restrict or inhibit any person, whether a staff of the Company or otherwise, in his authorised use of any of the Company's computing services and/or equipment.
9. Actions that affect the performance and capacity of the Company's computing resources. For example, deliberately wasting computer resources, including but not limited to bandwidth, disk space, printer paper etc (e.g. broadcasting of messages through large distribution lists indiscriminately).

### Prohibited Activities Relating to Electronic Communications
1. Forging the source of electronic communications, altering system data used to identify the source of messages or otherwise obscuring the origin of communications.
2. Attempting to monitor, read, copy, change, delete or tamper with another staff's electronic communications without the consent of that staff 
3. Sending non-work related advertisements, chain letters or other unsolicited type of messages.
4. Making commercial solicitations including tontines and pyramid schemes for themselves or for others 
5. Representing personal opinions as those of the Company.

### Prohibited Activities Relating to Software Installation and Usage
1. Creating, installing, distributing or facilitating the creation, installation or distribution of any program (such as a "worm" or "virus") intended to damage or place an excessive load on a computer system or network.
2. Downloading or installing any software or electronic files without virus protection measures in place.
3. Use of non-standard shareware or freeware software without Company's approval unless it is on the Company's standard software list.
4. Installing unauthorised software on the Company's computers. Software includes but not limited to games, screen saver and utility software.
5. Download, install or run security programs or utilities that reveal or exploit weaknesses in the security of the system unless explicitly authorised. Examples of such programs are password cracking programs, packet sniffer, port scanner etc.


### Prohibited Activities Relating to Incidental Use
1. Any activity meant to foster or lead to the personal gain by any person, or activities such as marketing or business transactions, or private advertising of products or services.
2. Operating a business, usurping business opportunities or soliciting money business or clients for personal gain, or searching for jobs or assignments outside the Company.
3. Solicitation for religious and political causes, or unauthorised activities, whether for profit or not.
4. Making private orders or other forms of private messages that may imply that the sender has taken on obligations on behalf of the Company.
5. Surfing, communicating or downloading material that is fraudulent, harassing, embarrassing, sexually explicit, obscene, intimidating, defamatory, and subversive or which incites religious or racial intolerance or is otherwise deemed inappropriate by the Company
6. Surfing websites which requires high bandwidth (e.g. YouTube) unless authorised.
7. Posting of Company proprietary information via third party internet services (e.g., MSN, Google and Yahoo)
8. Posting of materials which may compromise Company's security via third party internet services (e.g., MSN, Google and Yahoo)

### Prohibited Activities Relating to Social Networking
1. Users shall have clear disclaimers that the views expressed by the user in the blog is the user's alone and do not represent the views of the organization.
2. Information published on your blog(s) shall comply with the company's information security policies. This also applies to the comments posted on other blogs, forums, and social networking sites.
3. Be respectful to everyone in particular to the organization, other employees, customers, partners, and competitors when participating in blog(s).
4. Social networking activities should not interfere with work commitments.
5. Users shall not publish captured images, posts, or make comments that affect the reputation of the organization.
6. Users shall not reference or quote any clients, partners, or customers without their express consent. In all cases, users shall not publish any information regarding a client during the engagement.
7. Users shall comply with copyright laws and reference or cite sources appropriately.
8. Company logos and trademarks may not be used without written consent.

## Enforcement
1. An employee found to have violated this policy may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
2. A violation of this policy by a temporary worker, contractor or vendor may result in the immediate termination of their contract or assignment with Nexraid.