---
uuid: f3f0537f-52c1-4501-8ec2-885eafe189a1
draft: false
title: "Cryptographic Policy"
path: /Information-Security/Cryptographic-Policy
description: "This policy outlines the Cryptographic Policy for Nexraid's information system."
keywords: 
  - cryptography
  - cryptographic
  - information
  - security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - Nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
  - iso27001
  - iso27701
sidebar: information-security
date: 2021-11-01
version_date: 2021-11-01
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version after audited by ISO27001
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Cryptographic Policy

## Introduction
Information residing in Nexraid Consulting, related to the company and its clients, are valuable assets within the organization. Information loss or being compromised poses a serious risk of monetary and reputation effect for the company. It is vital that the company has effective cryptographic procedures to deter, prevent and minimise data loss or being compromised in manners which might be due to deliberate or accidental actions.

## Scope
This policy applies to all Nexraid Consulting employees. Need for cryptography shall be applied in the following areas:
1. All laptops that may be brought out of premise.
2. All workstations (desktops) or servers on-site which contain sensitive data/information.
3. All public cloud utilised by Nexraid
4. Selected portable hard disks and/or removable media

## Cryptographic Baseline

### Security Protocols and Algorithms 
1. If cryptography service is used based on PII customer request and in an information application, regulations and national restrictions on the use of cryptographic techniques in that country must be considered. Import and export of cryptographic technology shall also be in accordance to the country’s agreement, law, and/or regulations. Legal advice should be sought when required.
2. Information exchange protocols shall be based on international standards. In the event where the protocol is not based on international standards, the protocol has to be reviewed and approved by Company Data Protection Officer prior to use.
3. Strong cryptographic algorithms with 256-bit AES for symmetric algorithm and/or 4096-bit RSA and/or SECP384R ECDHE for asymmetric algorithm are preferred. In the event that recommended key length is not available, minimally 192-bit AES for symmetric algorithm and/or 2048-bit RSA and/or SECP256R ECDHE for asymmetric algorithm can be used for non-critical system. If cryptographic algorithm is not listed in the Standard, the algorithm has to be reviewed and approved by Company Data Protection Officer prior to use.
4. Secure hash algorithm such as SHA3 and/or SHA-512 are recommended. In the event that recommended hash algorithm is not available, minimally SHA-256 can be used for non-critical system. If hash algorithm is not listed in the Standard, the algorithm has to be reviewed and approved by Company Data Protection Officer prior to use.
5. Cryptographic keys shall be protected using passwords or equivalent and shall not be permanently stored in clear at any one time.