---
uuid: 1b37382e-9203-49c4-968f-e11748ba56c8
draft: false
title: "ISP16 - Physical Security Management Policy"
path: /ISP/ISP16-Physical-Security-Management-Policy
additional_path:
    - "/ISP/ISP16"
    - "/ISP/Physical-Security-Management-Policy"
    - "/Information-Security/Physical-Security-Policy"
description: "This policy is to ensure that physical computer resources and information resources are properly protected physically."
keywords: 
  - physical
  - physical-security
  - Management
  - information
  - security
  - information-security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - ISP16
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: isp
date: 2020-01-10
version_date: 2022-08-01
version_name: 3.0.0
version_changelog: Merge our original policy with the version audited by DPTM
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Information Security Policy 16 – Physical Security Management Policy

## Document Details
* Doc ID: ISP16
* Doc Title: Physical Security Management Policy
* Revision: 3.0
* Effective Date: 1 August 2022
* Author: Liu Lung Hao
* Approver: Chairman of Nexraid Information Security Steering Committee

## Introduction
Nexraid Consulting must balance employees' needs to access information with the organizational obligation and to protect information confidentiality, integrity, and availability. This policy defines the measures to prevent and minimize accidental or intentional security breaches caused by employee during the physical access of areas leading to files and data location or located in information processing systems. 

## Scope
This policy applies to all Nexraid Consulting’s employees in the aspects of the company inclusive of perimeter, office, restricted areas. This policy also covers working procedures in restricted areas.

## Procedures for Building Security
1. Wall/Fence shall be constructed to define the boundary of the office building.
2. Closed circuit television (CCTV) shall be installed at strategic and appropriate locations to record movement in/out of key areas such as the Server Rack Area and Office Areas.
3. Entrances/exit to the key areas should be kept to a minimum when possible and shall be well-lighted.
4. Entrance/exit to the key areas shall be controlled to ensure only authorised personnel can access. All access is via employee card access system.
5. Visitors entering the key areas shall be escorted at all times except in areas where there are no restricted information or information processing systems (e.g., meeting rooms)
6. Meeting rooms to host guests/visitors or other forms of public or open access areas should be separated from the areas containing sensitive information.
7. During unattended periods, restricted areas must be physically secured. Doors and windows must be locked.
8. All keys to personal lockers, cabinet shall be controlled and if applicable, stored in a secured place. Records of key issuance shall be maintained stating down the following details:
   1. Identity of the person
   2. Date and time of issuance


## Procedures for working in Restricted Areas
1. Restricted areas e.g., sensitive offices shall be separated from common areas and access by means of key access system.
2. Physical access of offices located within restricted areas shall be made through biometric access system and such systems shall be operational at all times.
3. Vacant rooms shall be physically locked and periodically checked.
4. Photography, videography and audio recording are not allowed unless authorised.
5. Cleaning times shall be pre-arranged, and staff being supervised when cleaning is performed in such areas.