---
uuid: c911bf16-1888-4052-a752-58f7c988f78c
draft: false
title: "ISP14 - Password Management Policy"
path: /ISP/ISP14-Password-Management-Policy
additional_path:
    - "/ISP/ISP14"
    - "/ISP/Password-Management-Policy"
    - "/Information-Security/Password-Management-Policy"
description: "This policy outlines the Password Management Policy for Nexraid's information system."
keywords: 
  - password
  - management
  - information
  - security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - ISP14
  - guideline
  - Nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
  - iso27001
  - iso27701
sidebar: isp
date: 2021-11-01
version_date: 2022-08-01
version_name: 2.0.0
version_changelog: Merge our original policy with the version audited by DPTM
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---


# Nexraid Information Security Policy 14 – Password Management Policy

## Document Details
* Doc ID: ISP14
* Doc Title: Password Management Policy
* Revision: 2.0
* Effective Date: 1 August 2022
* Author: Danny Tan
* Approver: Liu Lung Hao

## Introduction
Nexraid Consulting security architecture is intended to provide protection for data, applications, systems and services from inadvertent or intentional misuse, destruction, theft, unauthorized modification, deletions or disclosure.

## Scope
This policy applies to all systems, services and user account holders, where applicable to authorized mobile devices.

## Password Generation and Control
1. Nexraid Consulting contains various systems, sub-systems, applications, and Back Office applications. While each of these systems or applications has some unique security requirements based on technical characteristics of the system and the business function provided, there are a set of generic security requirements which are applicable across all systems and applications.
   1. Default passwords on all systems must be changed immediately upon bringing a system into service. It is not allowed to leave the default password intact even it complies with minimum requirements of this policy.
   2. All Windows/Azure AD domains must have the following default settings:
      1. Random passwords shall be used for new accounts.
      2. Each user shall have his/her own password.
      3. Users shall be forced to change password on first logon.
      4. System shall be able to force users to change passwords when necessary.
      5. Password length must be minimal of 8 alphanumeric characters.
      6. Password must contain at least 1 numeric digit or symbol.
      7. Users shall not be allowed to reuse the previous passwords.
      8. User accounts shall lock out after 5 logon attempts with incorrect password, and user account and device will be disabled / locked for at least 1 hour or upon re-activation by an administrator.
      9. User inactivity automatic screen log out will be set at 15 minutes or 5 min after human presence detection sensor detects that the user has left their workstation.
   2. User accounts that have system-level privileges granted through group memberships must have a unique password from all other accounts held by that user.
2. Recommended Password Guidelines: Passwords should NOT contain:
   1. Account holder’s username or login ID
   2. Account holder’s Email address
   3. Account holder’s name
   4. Account holder’s birth date
   5. Commonly set passwords
3. Administrator or Privileged Accounts
   1. A longer, more complex password is highly recommended if the application or system supports this. All other password criteria are the same.
   1. Complex Passwords must be used for all administration and privileged access and shall contain 3 out of the 5 criteria listed below:
      * Minimum 12 characters, preferably 16 characters and above.
      * English uppercase characters (A through Z)
      * English lowercase characters (a through z)
      * Numeric characters (0 through 9)
      * Special Characters (!@#$%^&*, etc.)


## Password Management
1. Users should NOT do the followings:
   1. Sharing passwords with anyone, including administrative assistants and secretaries.
   2. Revealing passwords to the boss, co-workers while on vacation and family members. All passwords are to be treated as “Secret” information.
   3. Revealing a password over the phone or in an email message.
   4. Revealing a password on questionnaires or security forms.
   5. Storing passwords in a computer system without any protection measures.
   6. Storing passwords in a readable file such as a batch file.
   7. Talking about a password in front of the others.
   8. Hinting at the format of a password (e.g., “my family name”).
   9. Writing down passwords and leaving them in a place where unauthorized persons might discover them.
   10. Writing down or otherwise recording a readable password and storing it near the access device to which it pertains.

## Change of Passwords
1. When having detected a compromised account or password, users should change their user-chosen passwords immediately and report to the relevant system administrator to take necessary operational steps.
2. All users are to change initial default password after first log-in.