---
uuid: 0a3d4351-ee9c-4f2a-b7f5-be870234eade
draft: false
title: "ISMSP04 - Document Control"
path: /ISMS/ISMSP04-Document-Control
additional_path:
    - "/ISMS/ISMSP04"
    - "/ISMS/Document-Control"
description: "This procedure aims to define the process to control the issue and approval of document and data produced within the company or of external origin that are deemed necessary in the planning and operation of the Information Security Management System (ISMS) and applies to all elements on-site of the ISMS, inclusive of information security policies, procedures, and records/instructions."
keywords: 
  - isms
  - inforamtion
  - security
  - protection
  - iso
  - 27001
  - 27701
  - dptm
  - procedure
  - ISMSP04
  - ISMSP
  - Document-Control
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: isms
date: 2021-07-01
version_date: 2021-07-01
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: Initial Draft
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid ISMS Procedure 04 - Document Control

## Document Details
* Doc ID: ISMSP04
* Doc Title: Document Control
* Revision: 1.0
* Effective Date: 1 July 2021
* Reference: ISO 27001 Clause 7.5.2
* Author: Liu Lung Hao
* Approver: Chairman of Nexraid Information Security Steering Committee

## Responsibility
The Management Representative or assigned Document Controller is to ensure that the ISMS Manual and related documentation are properly maintained and controlled. Document is to take reference of the Information Classification Policy.

## Approval/Amendment/Control/Issue of Document
### Document Approval and Control
1. These internally generated document shall be prepared by designated management staff as appointed by the Chairman ISMS Steering Committee.
2. The Chairman ISMS Steering Committee shall approve all such internal document generated for control on the Authorization Sheet in front of each controlled document, inclusive of access right levels for individuals distributed with such document.
3. All approved documents shall be channelled to the Management Representative/Document Controller for registration and logging the newly generated document into the Document Master List before issuing.
4. Whenever possible, there shall be one set of controlled hardcopy document per site. The Master copy set of the controlled documents shall be retained with the Management Representative.
5. There shall be no other hardcopy-controlled document; other controlled document set shall reside as a controlled softcopy set of documents in the system server and protected with “read only” feature for all to use. All printed documents from the softcopy server set are deemed immediately as uncontrolled and to be used for reference at point of print only. Chairman of ISMS Steering Committee must approve all additional printed hardcopy.

### Document Amendment
1. To initiate an amendment, the requestor shall inform the Management Representative / Document Controller of the area of discrepancy or need for change. The Management Representative / Document Controller shall activate the responsible personnel who prepared the original document to make necessary changes and forward the amended document to the Management Representative for processing.
2. Upon receipt of the amended document, the Management Representative / Document Controller shall channel it to the Chairman Steering Committee for review and approval.
3. Management Representative / Document Controller shall update the Document Master List with the new revision status and/or revision date of amended document and upload into the system server before broadcasting to staff to inform of new or amended document(s) created.

### Obsolete / Superseded Document
All obsolete or superseded document shall be destroyed except for the master copies held by the responsible document controllers which shall be stamped "Obsolete" and filed for reference, if required, in a manner that easily distinguishes them as superseded document.


## Records
1. Information security records are records required to provide assurance that product or service quality has been achieved and that the quality system has been implemented effectively. Following types of records are applicable:
    1. Business contracts. Original contracts, agreements, terms and conditions, meeting
minutes and resolutions.
    2. Information Security System Records. Records should contain audit schedules, audit analysis, project audit reports and follow-up audit activities such as post-audit corrective and/or preventive action, management review minutes
    3. Training and Personnel Records. This includes staff training records and/or skill inventory in the respective personnel files.
    4. Purchasing Records. This includes list of approved suppliers, purchase requisitions, purchase orders and supplier evaluation records.
2. Records are kept in a manner that allows identification, collation and storage so that they are readily retrievable.
3. Records should not be archived before the action(s) has been carried out.
4. All records and corrections to errors in records should be approved by the relevant authorities and dated.

## Document Master List
Please refer to XXX.