---
uuid: bbf0eb9a-0666-4d78-9806-dd45d328b471
draft: false
title: "ISMSP01 - Internal Auditing"
path: /ISMS/ISMSP01-Internal-Auditing
additional_path:
    - "/ISMS/ISMSP01"
    - "/ISMS/Internal-Auditing"
description: "This procedure defines the requirements for ISMS internal audit program and applies to all elements on-site of the ISMS."
keywords: 
  - isms
  - inforamtion
  - security
  - protection
  - iso
  - "27001"
  - "27701"
  - dptm
  - procedure
  - ISMSP01
  - ISMSP
  - internal
  - auditing
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: isms
date: 2021-07-01
version_date: 2021-07-01
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: Initial Draft
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid ISMS Procedure 01 - Internal Auditing

## Document Details
* Doc ID: ISMSP01
* Doc Title: Internal Auditing Procedure
* Revision: 1.0
* Effective Date: 1 July 2021
* Reference: ISO 27001 Clause 9.2
* Author: Danny Tan
* Approver: Liu Lung Hao


## Audit Requirements
The Management Representative (MR) is to establish an Information Security Management System (ISMS) internal audit program in order to:
1. determine whether or not the ISMS
    1. conforms to the planned arrangements for continuity management including the requirements of the whole of ISO 27001
    2. has been properly implemented and maintained
    3. is effective in meeting the organisation’s ISMS policy and objectives
2. review the results of previous audits and the actions taken to rectify nonconformance
3. provide information on results of audits to management
4. verify that all elements on-site such as equipment and personnel are appropriately deployed


## Audit Schedule
The ISMS Steering Committee is to prepare an audit schedule based on results of Risk Assessment and the results of previous audits. Internal audit should be conducted at least once a year and if possible, at least 3 weeks before an external audit (surveillance or certification) by the certifying body. The ISMS Steering Committee may elect to conduct unscheduled internal audits should the situation warrant. Un-scheduled audit should be conducted accordingly under the following:
1. Major organization change
2. Major changes to the operating environment
3. Major non-conformances identified within a function
4. Major incidents that warrant investigative audit to be carried out.


## Internal Auditors Criteria
The ISMS Steering Committee is responsible for the appointment of the internal auditors and the appointed auditors are to be approved by management. The following will be the minimum criteria for selection of internal auditors as follows:
1. Security Clearance for areas they are auditing
2. No adverse disciplinary record for 1 year
3. Independent of the department they are auditing
4. Undergone ISO 27001 awareness training
5. Received internal auditor awareness training (optional)

In scenarios where there are no internal resources or expertise available, external support may be sought.


## Audit Preparation
Prior to the conduct of the audit, an audit plan encompassing the scope and an audit checklist must be developed by the auditing team. This scope must be agreed upon in consultation with the auditees in advance and approved by management. In addition, auditees must be informed in advance of the details of audit criteria and methodology.


## Conducting the Audit
The audit should be conducted as a sampling of key compliance to the relevant clauses of ISO 27001 as well as whether the ISMS has been properly implemented and maintained and whether it is effective in meeting the organization’s ISMS policy and objectives. This audit should incorporate the following:
1. Interviews of employees
2. Document examination of ISO 27001 procedures, programs, minutes, policies, records and reports
3. Investigation of audit trials

At the conclusion of the audit, auditor is to debrief the auditees prior to completing the audit report based on the following audit finding definition:
1. Major Non-Conformance (Ma NC) – No evidence of adherence to a procedure/process instruction/legislation; and/or major risk to final product/service or environment performance.
2. Minor Non-Conformance (Mi NC) – Limited evidence of adherence to a procedure/process instruction/legislation; and/or no appreciable risk to final product/service or environment performance.
3. Opportunity for Improvement (OFI) – No non-conformance to the standards, practices recommended to improve work processes.
4. Compliance (C) – Compliant to the standards.


## Audit Report 
The audit report should be presented to the ISMS Steering Committee and a copy sent to the MR within 7 working days. The report should encompass the following:
1. Executive Summary
2. Audit Scope and Objectives
3. Audit Details and Methodology
4. Best Practices
5. Non-Compliance (Major and Minor)
6. Recommendations


## Follow-Up
The ISMS Steering Committee will review the report and may assign the MR to follow-up on the findings of the audit report. This would include identifying corrective actions for the nonconformance with the deadline and specific responsibilities for closing the nonconformance. The MR will have the overall responsibility to ensure the nonconformances are closed and the ISMS Steering Committee will have the discretion to call for follow-up audits where required. Follow-up duration should be as listed:

|                  |                    | Working Days       |               |
|:----------------:|:------------------:|:------------------:|:-------------:|
| Types of Finding | Corrective Actions | Preventive Actions | Effectiveness |
| Ma NC            | 14                 | 14                 | 30            |
| Mi NC            | 14                 | 14                 | 30            |
| OFI              | -                  | 30                 | -             |


## Records
1. Completed Audit Schedule
2. Completed Internal Audit Reports and Checklists
3. List of qualified Internal Auditors