---
uuid: 61bae83e-711f-4b09-969b-428b03bfe82e
draft: false
title: "Incident Response Policy"
path: /Business-Operation/Incident-Response-Policy
description: "This policy defines the responsibilities of Nexraid staff when responding to or reporting security incidents."
keywords: 
  - incident
  - response
  - operation
  - business
  - policy
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - openSource
sidebar: business-operation
date: 2020-01-10
version_date: 2020-01-10
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: kiathan
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Incident Response Policy
## Introduction
Reporting security breaches, incidents and vulnerabilities is an important contributory factor to maintain the security of corporate information systems. Intelligence on the type and frequency of security breaches enables the company to continually monitor the effectiveness of the technical and procedural controls in place.


## Scope of Document
This policy applies to all information security incidents that occur or are alleged to have occurred related to the processing, storage or transmission of business information or that affects information processing systems that belong to, or are managed by Nexraid Consulting Pte Ltd (Nexraid).


## Purpose
The purposes of this policy are to:
* identify and resolve information security incidents quickly and effectively;
* provision a quick, effective and orderly response to information security incidents;
* minimise the business impact of information security incidents;
* reduce the risk of similar incidents reoccurring;
* comply with all legal, regulatory and contractual requirements.

## Types of Breach
The main types of a breach can be defined as:
* Accidental: A system or individual carries out a function incorrectly or, uses a programming command incorrectly.
* Malicious action: Action carried out by an individual, or group of individuals, intent on affecting the confidentiality, availability and integrity of Nexraid computer systems, or manual records, and the information they hold.
* Negligence: Failure to exercise the degree of care expected. The doctrine of negligence does not require the elimination of all risk, but rather only foreseeable and unreasonable risk.

Nexraid environment is to have a 24/7 monitoring and analysts are to immediately respond to all types of incidents. It is important that all types of breach, vulnerability and system malfunction, whether accidental, malicious or negligent, are reported to the Information Security Officer so that the effectiveness of existing controls can be monitored and new countermeasures introduced as required. Discretion will be applied where appropriate; i.e. whether an incident is day-to-day, or if it requires additional resources and effort. 


## Incident Description
A security incident or event may be defined as:
1. Any actual or inferred incident or event that has the potential to impact the Confidentiality, Integrity or Availability of systems, services or information owned or used by the company or any of its associated third parties;
2. Any actual or inferred incident or event which could result in the compromise, loss of information, loss of operational capabilities, systems availability or impact to any physical and logical asset, including to all persons, premises, systems and data contained therein;
3. An event that breaches legislation, regulation or company policy;
4. A known risk that through inaction allows or assists and information security breach to materialise.


## Security Incidents and Events
Security Incidents and Events could include, but are not limited to:
1. Actual or attempted unauthorised access to corporate information or information processing systems, applications or premises; 
2. An event in which fraud or theft of information is carried out by an employee, contractor, third party supplier, business partner, or unknown external source; 
3. Actual or inferred incursion or compromise of any corporate asset or information asset; 
4. Physical or logical loss of an information asset (including temporary loss); 
5. Damage to any information asset; this includes visible physical damage, damage to data or supporting peripherals which render the system unusable or inoperative; 
6. Logical attack by a computer virus, malware, or other malicious code; 
7. Successful, unsuccessful, attempted and detected Denial-of-Service (DoS) attack against any part of the corporate technology perimeter/systems, third party supplier system or application; 
8. Detection of unauthorised logical changes, backdoors or rootkits on any corporate asset; 
9. Suspected weakness in, or threats to, systems, applications or services; 
10. A system or software malfunction where the Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability of a corporate asset is / could be compromised or impacted; 
11. An event in which there is fraud or theft of data, including but not limited to personal data (client or staff), payment card data, and intellectual property by an employee, associated third party or unknown external source; 
12. Prolonged disruption of services, loss of power supplies, communications systems, or other related services or utility services to any corporate premises, facility or system; 
13. Natural disasters, including but not limited to, fire, flood, lightning strike; 
14. Major incidents or disasters, including but not limited to, aviation collisions or road traffic events which deny or impede access to any corporate premises, facilities or systems; 
15. Contamination from fuel, gas or other toxic substances which denies or impedes access to any corporate premises or systems; 
16. Terrorist attack, bomb threats, riots, civil disturbance or other circumstances in which there would be a requirement to evacuate corporate premises or where the event denies or impedes access to the premises or systems through which business activities are conducted; 
17. Forced or physical entry to any corporate premises by unauthorised person(s). 
18. Any evidence of unauthorized activity. 
19. Critical Intrusion alerts. 
20. Reports of unauthorized critical system or content file changes.

The effect of the above may result in an event, or series of events, which are not part of the standard operation of a service and which causes or may cause an interruption to or reduction in the quality of a service or business process, whether from internal or external persons.


## Incident Reporting
1. Actual or suspected security incidents or systems security weaknesses that could lead to an incident affecting business systems or services are to be reported without any delay to the Security Officer and Operations Lead in the first instance or alternatively to/via any member of the senior management team.
2. Individuals can contribute to the control and resulting consequences of an incident (suspected or actual) by providing the following accurate information where possible:
   * Contact name and phone extension/personal mobile phone number of the reporting person;
   * A brief description of the problem and the name of application/hardware devices;
   * Description of the business impact of the problem, where possible;
   * Description of the data/information that is or may be at risk;
   * Exact location and/or computer serial number;
   * Time the incident started or was identified, and if it is continuing;
   * Any other persons that may be aware of the problem;
   * Any actions you or others may have taken on identifying the incident, including notification to any other person, whether internal or external of the organisation.


## Immediate Actions by Users
If the actual or suspected incident affects a PC, laptop or other ‘User’ operated device:
* Minimise any actions which could further alter the state of the systems or information contained therein, i.e. do not shutdown, switch off or restart the system or any application;
* Do not close down any applications, running programs;
* Do not touch the PC, laptop or other device unless specifically instructed. (In exceptional circumstances it may be advised to directly disconnect (pull out) any network cables, power cables (without having powered/closed down);
* Do not discuss the incident with anyone who is not directly affected by or involved in any investigation or analysis of an incident;
* It is prohibited to discuss with any external customer, third party service provider or any other external source without specific authorisation from the Chief Technology Officer.
* Individuals may be required to provide information relevant to their detection of and subsequent actions upon discovery or notification of an information security incident. This material may be retained as ‘evidence’ to aid an internal assessment of what took place to reduce likelihood of future incidents.


## Incident Response Team
1. The Chief Technology Officer shall determine, based upon the severity and business impacts relating to any incident, if the incident warrants the escalation to form an Incident Response Team (IRT).
2. The IRT will pursue any further investigation and analysis as appropriate to mitigate potential business risks and exposure to the business.


## Post Incident Review
Following any incident, a review will be conducted to ascertain any lessons that can be learnt and incorporated into business-as-usual (BAU) activities. This may include updates and revisions to existing policy, processes and business operating procedures.


## Incident Response Training
1. Employees are to be conversant with the procedures and requirements for reporting security incidents.
2. Those with specialist involvement to investigate information security incidents are required to undergo appropriate training, a record of which will be held on file.
3. Incident response plans will be tested and validated at least annually to make certain they are relevant for business needs.


## Responsibility
1. Individuals are responsible for ensuring they are conversant with the appropriate actions to be taken in order to report any incidents that affect business operations.
2. During any subsequent investigation into an information security incident, where asked to participate or provide assistance, individuals are not to hold-back relevant information, or otherwise hinder the work being undertaken.
