---
uuid: d48ed735-ad48-4f69-9057-dba2dbb589be
draft: false
title: "Legal Information"
path: /legal
description: "Legal Information Overview"
keywords: 
  - legal
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - openSource
sidebar: legal
date: 2020-01-08
version_date: 2020-01-08
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---


# Legal Information
Last updated: 8 January 2020

## Copyright
© 2013 – 2020 Nexraid Consulting Pte Ltd. All rights reserved.

The information on this site is protected by copyright. You may not distribute, link, or reproduce by any means or in any form any portion of this website without prior written consent of Nexraid.

## Privacy Statement
> “Confidential by Default, Secured by Design.”

Nexraid is concerned about the privacy matters of our customers. Please review our privacy policy and statement at https://nexraid.com/privacy

## Maintenance and Support
Our current maintenance and support policies and related information may be found https://nexraid.com/support

## Information Submitted to Nexraid
Nexraid does not claim ownership of the information you may place on the site and shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information. While Nexraid does not routinely monitor information, we reserve the right to monitor, restrict access to, edit, or remove any information that is available.

## Notice and Copyright Infringement
If you have sufficient reasons to believe that any content present on our sites infringe your copyright, you may request such content to be removed from this site by following the notice and take down procedures. Please contact Nexraid Support Team (support@nexraid.com) and provide the following information:

* A clear statement identifying the works or other materials believed to be infringed.
* A statement from the copyright holder or authorized representative that the materials are believed to be infringing.
* Sufficient information about the location of the allegedly infringing materials so that Nexraid can find and verify its existence.
* Your name, telephone number and email address.
* A statement from you under penalty of perjury that the information supplied is accurate, and that you are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
* A signature or the electronic equivalent from the copyright holder or authorized representative.

## Disclaimers and Indemnity
By using the site and/or posting materials, you agree to indemnify Nexraid, its officers, directors, employees, successors, agents, distributors, and affiliates for any and all claims, damages, losses, and causes of action (including attorneys' fees) arising out of or relating to your breach or alleged breach of this agreement (including without limitation, claims made by third parties for infringement of intellectual property rights), or for any content that is provided by you (or through your username and/or password). You agree to cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defence of any claim. Nexraid reserves the right to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.

Your use of the site is at your sole risk unless otherwise explicitly stated. The site, including the information, services, and content is provided on an "as is" "as available" and "with all faults" basis. Nexraid disclaims all express or implied conditions, representations, and warranties of any kind, including any implied warranty or condition of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, or noninfringement. Nexraid makes no representations, warranties, conditions or guarantees as to the usefulness quality, suitability, truth, accuracy or completeness of the site.

Nexraid makes no warranty or representation that:
1. the site will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free;
2. the results that may be obtained from the use of the site will be accurate or reliable;
3. the quality of any products, services, content, information, or other material purchased or obtained from the site will meet your expectations or requirements; or
(d) any errors in the site will be corrected.
You assume all risk for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from obtaining any content from the site, including any damages resulting from computer viruses.
Where applicable law does not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, the foregoing exclusions may not apply to you. This disclaimer applies to all content, merchandise and services available through this site.

## Limitation of Liability
Neither Nexraid, nor its officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, subsidiaries, distributors, affiliates, or third parties providing information on this site are responsible or liable for any special, incidental, consequential, punitive, or other indirect damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, this site or the information contained on this site, even if Nexraid (or any third party posting information on this site) has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall Nexraid's total liability (or the total liability of any third party providing information on this site) to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action resulting from your use of this site, whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence) or otherwise, exceed one dollar (SGD$1.00). To the extent that any jurisdiction does not allow the exclusion or limitation of direct, incidental or consequential damages, portions of the above limitation or exclusion may not apply.

## Termination
Nexraid may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the site, including, but not limited to, any message boards on the site, for any reason, including without limitation, breach of this agreement. In the event this agreement is terminated, the restrictions regarding materials appearing on the site, and the representations and warranties, indemnities and limitations of liabilities set forth in this agreement will survive termination. If you are unsatisfied with the services provided by Nexraid, your sole remedy is to terminate this agreement.

## Comments, Complaints and Questions
We welcome your feedback about the site. However, any comments, ideas, notes, messages, suggestions, or other communications sent to the site shall be and remain the exclusive property of Nexraid, and we may use all such communications in any manner, including reproducing, disclosing, and publishing such communications, all without compensation to you. Should you have any questions or complaints regarding violations of this agreement, please contact us at support@nexraid.com
