---
uuid: 949bc1b1-fee1-4244-9613-c59da06a6435
draft: false
title: "ISP02 - Access Management Policy"
path: /ISP/ISP02-Access-Management-Policy
additional_path:
    - "/ISP/ISP02"
    - "/ISP/Access-Management-Policy"
description: "Access Management Policy manage the admittance of users to system and network resources by granting users access only to the specific resources they require to complete their job."
keywords: 
   - employee
   - acceptable
   - use
   - usage
   - operation
   - business
   - network
   - information
   - security
   - data
   - protection
   - access
   - management
   - policy
   - ISP02
   - isp
   - guideline
   - nexraid
   - docs
   - open-source
   - iso27001
   - iso27701
sidebar: isp
date: 2021-07-01
version_date: 2021-07-01
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: Initial Draft
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Information Security Policy 02 – Access Management Policy

## Document Details
* Doc ID: ISP02
* Doc Title: Access Management Policy
* Revision: 1.0
* Effective Date: 1 July 2021
* Author: Liu Lung Hao
* Approver: Chairman of Nexraid Information Security Steering Committee

## Introduction
Information residing in Nexraid Consulting, related to the company and its clients, are valuable assets within the organization. Information leakage or compromise is a rising trend within all organizations and poses a serious risk of monetary and reputation loss for the company. As the company operates daily with many employees, it is vital that access to various types of information is well controlled and given to the authorised personnel on a daily basis.

## Scope
There are two (2) major categories subjected to access restrictions, namely physical access and logical access. Physical access details will be covered under Physical Security Policy (ISP 16). Under logical access, areas include network access control, operating system access control, application access control, live environment access control as well as information access control. This policy applies to all Nexraid employees.

## Logical Access Control Governance
1. Accessibility shall be granted based on business requirement on the “need-to-access” principle.
2. Resource for each user access profile shall be granted based on “need-to-use” principle.
3. Information dissemination through the system resources should be restricted based on “need-to-know” principle.
4. Standard user access profiles should be considered for common categories of users.
5. Access control matrix indicating the default access, the resources availability of each user profile and its access control mechanism shall be documented. Such access matrix will also tally with the hardware usage by the user in accordance to IT inventory asset list.
6. Access control matrix shall be reviewed on a yearly basis to ensure relevancy and effectiveness by users’ HOD assisted by application administrator.
7. The consistency of access control between restricted areas, systems and networks should be taken into consideration.
8. User access must be withdrawn when personnel who have access rights ceases to perform that role.

## Logical Access Control Configuration Baseline
1. There must be no facility to turn off or otherwise bypass the access control mechanism used in the production environments other than in the case where controlled maintenance is required.
2. Utility programs capable of overriding system and application controls (i.e., privileged IDs) must be strictly controlled and access to be restricted to the minimum number of users necessary.
3. Where possible, menus should be used to control the access to system/application functions. In addition, critical systems apply minimum protocol settings to prevent unauthorized access.
4. Application output (e.g., reports and listing) shall be reviewed for excessive requirement changes made to the application.
5. Depending on business needs, application usage or administration should be limited to restricted terminals and locations.
6. Server system/application shall forcefully terminate an active session after a defined period of user inactivity; the defined period is based on business needs.

## Additional Protection for Managing Logical Access
1. User Management (Access creation and change)
    1. User registration and de-registration shall be established for granting access to multi-user information application and/or systems.
    2. Business unit heads must exercise due diligence to verify that the request is valid and conforms to that permitted by the system/application access control document, the Technical Department has the final authority to granting an access.
2. Privilege Management
    1. Privileges associated with each system/application and the categories of user to which the privilege can be allocated shall be identified. The allocated privileges should be evaluated to ensure that there is no conflict or compromise to the security of the system/application.
    2. Unless all other means for performing a task has been exhausted, the granting of privileges to individual users should only be exercised as a last resort.
    3. Privileges shall be assigned to a different user identity from those used for normal business use. Privileged users shall be educated to use privileged user identity only when required.
3. Administration Password Management
    1. Password list for system/application shall not be created and if required, user password will be authorised and reset by Technical Department.
4. User Password Management
    1. Formal process for the issuance of initial password shall be established.
    2. Reset of password shall be invoked only upon positive identification of the user; thereafter, reset password shall be changed upon first log-on.
5. Review of Logical Access Profiles
    1. A formal review process of registered user access rights and system privileges shall be carried out on a yearly basis. The process shall include the following:
        1. Confirmation on the validity of users and their respective rights
        2. Sign-off from the HOD or designate on the listed users and their respective rights
    2. Suspicious or unexplained access rights shall be investigated, and where necessary, be treated as a confidentiality breach and reported as a security incident.
6. User access termination
    1. For staff leaving the company, clearance form will be signed by HOD and Technical Department will check for all systems and application access accounts being held by the staff.
    2. Technical Department will remove access for all local access administration and inform remote administrator or customer for remote/external access administration.