---
uuid: eb15df3e-1790-4efc-abd4-b31aef09ecb7
draft: false
title: "Data Processing Agreement"
path: /Legal/Data-Processing-Agreement
description: "Contractual Agreement for Personal Identifiable Information (PII) Controller and Processor."
keywords: 
  - data-protection
  - dlp
  - dpa
  - agreement
  - controller
  - processor
  - Processing
  - data-intermediary
  - prevention
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: legal
date: 2022-08-01
version_date: 2022-08-01
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Data Processing Agreement
This Data Processing Agreement ("Agreement") forms part of the Contract for Services ("Principal Agreement") between __________________________________ (the “Company”) and _______________________________________________ (the “Data Processor”) (together as the “Parties”).

WHEREAS
1. The Company acts as a Data Controller.
2. The Company wishes to subcontract certain Services, which imply the processing of personal data, to the Data Processor.
3. The Parties seek to implement a data processing agreement that complies with the requirements of the current legal framework in relation to data processing and with Singapore Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (PDPA), European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and United States California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
4. The Parties wish to lay down their rights and obligations.

IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

## Definitions and Interpretation
1. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms and expressions used in this Agreement shall have the following meaning:
    1. "Agreement" means this Data Processing Agreement and all Schedules;
    2. "Company Personal Data" means any Personal Data Processed by a Contracted Processor on behalf of Company pursuant to or in connection with the Principal Agreement;
    3. "Contracted Processor" means a Sub-processor;
    4. "Data Protection Laws" means Singapore Personal Data Protection Act and, to the extent applicable, the data protection or privacy laws of any other country;
    5. "PDPA" means the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act 2012;
    6. "GDPR" means EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679;
    7. "CCPA" means US California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018;
    8. "Data Transfer" means:
        1. a transfer of Company Personal Data from the Company to a Contracted Processor; or
        2. an onward transfer of Company Personal Data from a Contracted Processor to a Subcontracted Processor, or between two establishments of a Contracted Processor,
        3. in each case, where such transfer would be prohibited by Data Protection Laws (or by the terms of data transfer agreements put in place to address the data transfer restrictions of Data Protection Laws);
    9. "Services" means the services the Company provides.
    10. "Sub-processor" means any person appointed by or on behalf of Processor to process Personal Data on behalf of the Company in connection with the Agreement.
2. The terms, "Commission", "Controller", "Data Subject", "Member State", "Personal Data", "Personal Data Breach", "Processing" and "Supervisory Authority" shall have the same meaning as in the PDPA, and their cognate terms shall be construed accordingly.

## Processing of Company Personal Data
1. Processor shall:
    1. comply with all applicable Data Protection Laws in the Processing of Company Personal Data; and
    2. not Process Company Personal Data other than on the relevant Company’s documented instructions.
2. The Company instructs Processor to process Company Personal Data.

## Use and Disclosure
Processor shall only use or disclose Company Personal Data (i.e. data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified:
1. from that data alone; or
2. from that data and other information which the Processor has or is likely to have access):
    1. strictly for the purposes of fulfilling its obligations and providing the services required under this Agreement;
    2. with the Company’s prior written consent;
    3. when required by law or an order of court but shall notify the Company as soon as practicable before complying with such law or order of court.

## Processor Personnel
Processor shall take reasonable steps to ensure the reliability of any employee, agent or contractor of any Contracted Processor who may have access to the Company Personal Data, ensuring in each case that access is strictly limited to those individuals who need to know / access the relevant Company Personal Data, as strictly necessary for the purposes of the Principal Agreement, and to comply with Applicable Laws in the context of that individual's duties to the Contracted Processor, ensuring that all such individuals are subject to confidentiality undertakings or professional or statutory obligations of confidentiality.


## Security
1. Processor shall protect Company Personal Data in Processor’s control or possession by making reasonable security arrangements (including, where appropriate, physical, administrative, procedural and information & communications technology measures) to prevent:
    1. unauthorised or accidental access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or destruction of Company Personal Data, or other similar risks; and
    2. the loss of any storage medium or device on which personal data is stored.
2. Processor shall compile a list, and only permit the authorised personnel set out in in a list to access Company Personal Data on a need-to-know basis.
3. In assessing the appropriate level of security, Processor shall take account in particular of the risks that are presented by Processing, in particular from a Personal Data Breach.

## Sub-processing
1. Processor shall not appoint (or disclose any Company Personal Data to) any Sub-processor unless required or authorized by the Company.
2. In the event if Processor engages any sub-contractor for processing PII, sub-contractor will be subjected to similar PII processing requirements.

## Data Subject Rights
1. Taking into account the nature of the Processing, Processor shall assist the Company by implementing appropriate technical and organisational measures, insofar as this is possible, for the fulfilment of the Company obligations, as reasonably understood by Company, to respond to requests to exercise Data Subject rights under the Data Protection Laws.
2. Processor shall:
    1. promptly notify Company if it receives a request from a Data Subject under any Data Protection Law in respect of Company Personal Data; and
    2. ensure that it does not respond to that request except on the documented instructions of Company or as required by Applicable Laws to which the Processor is subject, in which case Processor shall to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws inform Company of that legal requirement before the Contracted Processor responds to the request.

## Personal Data Breach
1. Processor shall notify Company without undue delay upon Processor becoming aware of a Personal Data Breach affecting Company Personal Data, providing Company with sufficient information to allow the Company to meet any obligations to report or inform Data Subjects of the Personal Data Breach under the Data Protection Laws.
2. Processor shall co-operate with the Company and take reasonable commercial steps as are directed by Company to assist in the investigation, mitigation and remediation of each such Personal Data Breach.

## Data Protection Impact Assessment and Prior Consultation
Processor shall provide reasonable assistance to the Company with any data protection impact assessments, and prior consultations with Supervising Authorities or other competent data privacy authorities, which Company reasonably considers to be required by article 35 or 36 of the GDPR or equivalent provisions of any other Data Protection Law, in each case solely in relation to Processing of Company Personal Data by, and taking into account the nature of the Processing and information available to, the Contracted Processors.

## Access to Company Personal Data
Processor shall provide the Company with access to the Company Personal Data that the Processor has in its possession or control, as soon as practicable upon Client’s written request.

## Accuracy and Correction of Company Personal Data
Where the Company provides Company Personal Data to Processor, the Company shall make reasonable effort to ensure that the Company Personal Data is accurate and complete before providing the same to the Processor. Processor shall put in place adequate measures to ensure that the Company Personal Data in its possession or control remain or is otherwise accurate and complete. In any case, Processor shall take steps to correct any errors in the Company Personal Data, as soon as practicable upon the Company’s written request.

## Retention of Company Personal Data
Processor shall not retain Company Personal Data (or any documents or records containing Company Personal Data, electronic or otherwise) for any period of time longer than is necessary to serve the purposes of this Agreement.

## Deletion or Return of Company Personal Data
1. Subject to this section, Processor shall promptly and in any event within 15 business days of the date of cessation of any Services involving the Processing of Company Personal Data (the "Cessation Date"), delete and procure the deletion of all copies of those Company Personal Data.
2. Where applicable, Processor shall also instruct all third parties to whom it has disclosed Processor Personal Data for the purposes of this Agreement to return to Processor or delete, such Processor Personal Data.
3. Processor shall provide written certification to Company that it has fully complied with this section within 15 business days of the Cessation Date.

## Audit Rights
1. Subject to this section, Processor shall make available to the Company on request all information necessary to demonstrate compliance with this Agreement, and shall allow for and contribute to audits, including inspections, by the Company or an auditor mandated by the Company in relation to the Processing of the Company Personal Data by the Contracted Processors.
2. Information and audit rights of the Company only arise under section to the extent that the Agreement does not otherwise give them information and audit rights meeting the relevant requirements of Data Protection Law.

## Data Transfer
The Processor may not transfer or authorize the transfer of Data to countries outside the Singapore, European Economic Area (EEA) and/or United States without the prior written consent of the Company. If personal data processed under this Agreement is transferred from Singapore to other countries, the Parties shall ensure that the personal data are adequately protected. To achieve this, the Parties shall, unless agreed otherwise, rely on Singapore approved standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data under the PDPA. If Processor transfers Company Personal Data to any third party overseas, Processor shall procure the same written undertaking from such third party.

## General Terms
1. Confidentiality. Each Party must keep this Agreement and information it receives about the other Party and its business in connection with this Agreement (“Confidential Information”) confidential and must not use or disclose that Confidential Information without the prior written consent of the other Party except to the extent that:
    1. disclosure is required by law;
    2. the relevant information is already in the public domain.
2. Notices. All notices and communications given under this Agreement must be in writing and will be delivered personally, sent by post or sent by email to the address or email address set out in the heading of this Agreement at such other address as notified from time to time by the Parties changing address.

## Governing Law and Jurisdiction
1. This Agreement is governed by the laws of Singapore
2. Any dispute arising in connection with this Agreement, which the Parties will not be able to resolve amicably, will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement is entered into with effect from the date first set out below.


Your Company

Signature:
Name:
Title:
Date Signed: 



Processor Company

Signature:
Name:
Title:
Date Signed:
