---
uuid: ab8f3084-50ea-492a-8461-b0d478c5f584
draft: false
title: "Data Protection Policy"
path: /Data-Protection/Data-Protection-Policy
description: "This policy is designed to help you understand how Nexraid collects, uses and/or discloses the personal data you have provided to us, as well as making an informed decision before providing us with any of your personal data."
keywords: 
  - data-protection
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: data-protection
date: 2020-01-09
version_date: 2020-01-09
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: kiathan
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Data Protection Policy
## Introduction
NexRaid Consulting Pte Ltd (NexRaid) is required as part of its information governance structure to ensure that appropriate controls related to the collection, use, retention and destruction of personal data pertaining to its customers, clients and staff are in accordance with the requirements of Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (PDPA).

PDPA imposes a ‘legal’ requirement on how Personally Identifiable Information (PII) relating to customers or employees may be processed and handled; companies and individuals can face prosecution for breaching its Principles.

## Scope of Document
The scope of this policy applies to all employees, including any third party or individual, who conducts work on behalf of NexRaid, requires compliance with the Data Protection Principles in relation to all Personal data (including Sensitive Personal data) that we process.

## Definition of Document
Please refer to [Definition and Abbreviation](https://docs.nexraid.com/Definition-and-Abbreviation).

## Purpose
NexRaid’s legal obligations and requirements under PDPA for the processing of PII are to ensure that all such data used or come across in the course of business activities is:
1. Only collected, stored and processed for justifiable business reasons;
2. Only used by those persons with a legitimate reason;
3. Stored safely;
4. Retained only for the defined time period after which it is then appropriately destroyed; and
5. Not disclosed to unauthorised persons.

The company will actively seek to meet its obligations and duties in accordance with PDPA and in so doing will not infringe the rights of its employees, customers, third parties or others.

## Responsibilities of Staff
1. The processing of Personal data is to be compliant with legal, industry, regulatory and business requirements.
2. The following minimum requirements apply:
   1. Personal data is to be processed accurately;
   2. Personal data may only be used for the specific requirements for which it was obtained and for which consent has been given;
   3. When not required for immediate use, Personal data is to be secured from unauthorised viewing and access;
   4. Computer systems are to have password protected screen savers activated when left unattended;
   5. When no longer required to be retained for business purposes all Personal data is to be disposed of securely, i.e. by cross-cut shredding, via secure waste disposal or purged from electronic media;
   6. Personal data may not be stored on removable media without explicit approval and appropriate encryption controls, and is to be removed from the removable media as soon as practically possible;
   7. The discussion of Personal data with unauthorised persons either inside or outside the company is expressly prohibited; this also includes, but is not limited to, email, social networking sites, blogs, forums, instant messaging services, chat rooms etc; and
   8. Staff are required to attend Data Protection training on joining the organisation and annually thereafter. A record of attendance will be retained on file.

## Data Controller 
In accordance with PDPA, NexRaid, a corporate body, is the Data Controller for the Personal data relating to its employees and customers. NexRaid is therefore responsible through the appointed Data Protection Officer (DPO) for the implementation of this policy.

### Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Please refer to [Roles and Responsibilities](https://docs.nexraid.com/internal/Roles-and-Responsibilities)

### Designated Data Controllers (DDC)
The DPO may (at their discretion) appoint Designated Data Controllers within parts of the business to facilitate the daily activities and management responsibilities under PDPA. (Where DDC’s are not appointed these responsibilities remain with the DPO).

Please refer to [Roles and Responsibilities](https://docs.nexraid.com/internal/Roles-and-Responsibilities)

## Collection of Data
NexRaid collects and records Personal data (including Sensitive Personal data) from various sources, including that obtained or provided by the data subjects themselves.
1. Data is information that:
   1. is processed by means of equipment operating automatically in response to instructions given for that purpose;
   2. is recorded with the intention that it should be processed by means of such equipment;
   3. is recorded as part of a relevant filing systems or with the intention that it should form part of a relevant filing system.
   4. does not fall under the parts above but forms part of an accessible records as defined by Section 68 of the Act, i.e. Educational or Accessible Public records.
2. Personal data means data which relates to a living individual who can be identified:
   1. from that data, or
   2. from that data and other information, which is in the possession of, or is likely to come into the possession of the Data Controller
3. Personal data also includes any expression of opinion about the individual and any indications of intentions by the Data Controller or any other person in respect of the individual.
4. Personal data may be collected indirectly through monitoring devices, including but not limited to: door access control systems, CCTV and physical security logs, electronic monitoring systems/computer security logs. For further detail refer to the Security Logging and Monitoring Policy.

### Inventory of Personal Data
NexRaid will maintain an inventory of the categories of Personal data it processes relating to its staff and customers, and the purpose for which each category is used. The inventory shall allow for the explicit identification of the high-risk categories of Personal data processed, including but not limited to:
1. Sensitive Personal data as defined.
2. Personal bank account, credit/debit cards and other financial information
3. National identifiers, i.e. National Insurance or Identity Numbers
4. Personal data relating to vulnerable adults and children
5. Material relating to meetings, interviews or negotiations which could adversely affect individuals if such information were to be divulged, i.e. performance reviews, appraisals, disciplinary meetings, organisation restructuring and realignment of appointments.

### Adequacy
NexRaid is responsible for ensuring that all Personal data within its systems is adequate, relevant and not excessive and is only collected because a justifiable business reason exists. Periodic reviews of the technology, processes and procedures involved in the processing of Personal data are to be conducted to ensure they continue to be adequate and fit-for-purpose. Any anomalies identified are to be recorded and appropriate action taken to address the findings.

### Relevancy
Processed Personal data must be relevant to the business requirement, to this end:
1. NexRaid will only process the minimum amount of Personal data required to meet its legitimate purposes
2. Additional information which is not relevant or is excessive for the stated purpose is not processed
3. New systems and processes involving Personal data are to be developed and reviewed to ensure that all requirements contained herein are met.

### Accuracy
1. NexRaid will take every conceivable effort to ensure that all Personal data stored or processed under its control will be accurate and where possible kept up to date.
2. A provision will be made to enable individuals (staff, customers, clients, partners, etc) to challenge the accuracy of their Personal data and to ensure that it is subsequently corrected as necessary. If it is not possible to correct the information, because it is held in a form (hard copy) or legacy system which cannot be updated a record of the reported inaccuracy is to be noted along with the accurate Personal data.
3. Procedures for staff that process Personal data are to stress the importance of ensuring they record Personal data accurately.
4. Where out-of-date or inaccurate information has been used or passed to third parties, the information is to be corrected and the out-of-date information must not be further used.

## Data Security
1. As required by Principle 7 of PDPA, NexRaid will implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to prevent unauthorised or unlawful processing of Personal data, the accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to that Personal data.
2. The measures align to the basic information security principles of:
   * Confidentiality – only those persons specifically authorised can access and or use the data
   * Integrity – the data shall be accurate and relied upon for the purpose for which it is being processed
   * Availability – that the data will only be provided to authorised persons upon receipt of a validated request
3. Everyone with access to Personal data pertaining to other employees, customers or clients is to ensure that:
   * The Personal data which they hold or process is kept securely
   * Personal data is not disclosed orally, in writing or in any electronic form to any unauthorised person, either deliberately or accidentally.


## Rights to Access Information (Subject Access Request)
1. Everyone has the right to request access to any Personal data (data) about them that is held or processed on computer or held in certain hard copy files.
2. The company is within its rights to require that a written Subject Access Request (SAR) is made in writing (by letter, email or fax) and handed to a Data Controller (DPO/DDC) for processing. Verbal requests do not have to be responded to, though it is best practice to explain how to make a valid request and not just to ignore it.
3. The company reserves the right to make an administration charge of SGD$250 on each occasion that access is requested; this is in addition to the direct costs of providing copies of any data.
4. NexRaid aims to comply with requests for access to Personal data as quickly as possible but will ensure that it is provided within 40 days, as mandated by PDPA, unless there is a good reason for any delay. In such cases the reason for a delay will be explained in writing to the person making the request. The information supplied shall be in an intelligible form that is capable of being understood by the average person.
5. The company is allowed to confirm the following before being obliged to respond to a SAR:
   1. To obtain sufficient information to determine whether the person submitting the SAR is the data subject. (This is to avoid Personal data about one individual being send to another, inadvertently, or as a result of deception).
   2. Requests for information must be specific, and the level of checks conducted may depend on the possible harm and distress which inappropriate disclosure of the information could cause to the individual concerned.
   3. To request clarification of the location and exact nature relevant to the Personal data covered by the request. (In some cases, Personal data may be difficult to retrieve and collate, reducing the scope of the search may save time and effort; however, it is not acceptable to delay responding to a SAR.)


## Fair and Lawful Processing
1. PDPA does not intend to prevent the processing of Personal data, but to ensure that it is done fairly and without adversely affecting the rights of the Data Subject, who must be informed by the Data Controller (NexRaid), the purpose for which the data is to be processed and the identities of anyone to whom the personal data may be disclosed or transferred.
2. Personal data may only be processed for the specific purpose notified to the Data Subject when it was first collected, or for purposes specifically permitted by PDPA. Personal data must not be collected for one purpose and subsequently used for another. If it becomes necessary to change the purpose for which the data is being processed the Data Subject must be informed of the new purpose before any processing occurs.
3. The DPO is to ensure that procedures are developed throughout the company as appropriate to ensure that individuals who supply the company with Personal data are provided with a ‘Privacy Statement’ which communicates the following:
   1. The identity of the organisation
   2. The purpose(s) for which Personal data will be processed
   3. Information regarding the disclosure of Personal data to third parties
   4. Information regarding the individuals’ right of access to Personal data
   5. Whether Personal data is transferred outside Singapore
   6. How to contact the company with questions or queries regarding the processing of their Personal data
   7. Details of specific technologies or electronic measure to collect information about individuals, i.e. website cookies.


## Consent
1. For Personal data to be processed lawfully certain conditions must be met. These may include that the Data Subject has consented to the processing of their Personal data, or that the processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of the Data Controller or the party to whom the Personal data is disclosed.
2. Where Sensitive Personal data is processed more than one condition must be met, and in most instances the Data Subject’s ‘explicit consent’ to the processing of such data will be required.
3. Agreement to the company processing some specific classes of Personal data for employees is a condition of employment, i.e. to verify the right to employment; confirm qualifications and previous employment history.
4. The company has a duty of care to all its employees and clients and therefore makes every effort to ensure that users of the information processing facilities do not pose a threat or danger to others. It may also request specific information relating to particular health needs, i.e. allergies, particular forms of medication, or conditions such as asthma or diabetes. The information will only be used in the protection of the Health and Safety of the individual, i.e. in the event of a medical emergency.
5. Storing information on or accessing information already stored on an end user’s terminal equipment (NB this covers PC’s, Laptops and other ‘mobile’ devices that can accept cookies) is only allowed on the condition that the subscriber or user has been asked specifically to agree to accept the cookie(s) ‘opt-in’; and thereby obtaining their ‘informed consent’.
6. Websites must facilitate an opportunity for customers to refuse such storage or access of cookies and imposes a far greater obligation than simply making refusal a possibility.
7. The mechanism by which the customer exercises their right to refuse (opt-out) must be prominent, intelligible, and readily available to everyone not just those that are computer literate or technically aware.


## Processing Sensitive Personal Data
1. To ensure that the company is a safe place for all employees it may be necessary to process information about a person’s health, criminal convictions, race, gender or family details. Because this information is considered sensitive, and it is recognised that processing it may cause concern or distress to individuals, employees will be asked to give their express consent for the company to do this.
2. All current and future employees will be requested to give their consent to processing their Sensitive Personal data on the appropriate forms, this includes but is not limited to: Application forms, Consent to Process Medical Information, Equal Opportunities.
3. Offers of employment may be withdrawn should an individual refuse to consent to this without good reason. Further information in relation to this can be obtained via the Human Resources Manager and DPO.
4. Definition of Sensitive Personal data refer to [Definition and Abbreviation](https://docs.nexraid.com/Definition-and-Abbreviation).


## Data Sharing
1. Where NexRaid shares Personal data with any third party a ‘Data Processor Agreement’ is to exist as part of a formally documented written agreement or contract.
2. Where the other party uses the Personal data for its own purposes:
   1. The agreement or contract will clearly describe the purposes for which the information may be used and any limitations or restrictions on the use of that information;
   2. The other party is to provide an undertaking or other form of evidence of its commitment to process the information in a manner that will not contravene PDPA.
3. Where the processing of Personal data with a third party is required by law, procedures are to ensure that the protocols and controls for the sharing of the data are documented, are in compliance with the relevant law requiring disclosure of Personal data and is regularly reviewed and verified.
4. Although Personal data may be processed by third parties, the responsibility for complying with a SAR lies with NexRaid as Data Controller.
5. PDPA does not allow for any extension of the 40-day time limit in cases where there is reliance upon a data processor to provide the information needed in a request. Consequentially contracts with third party processors must ensure there are arrangements to guarantee that SAR is dealt with promptly.


## Data Retention
1. NexRaid is to ensure that Personal data is not kept for any longer than is necessary and will adhere to any legal, regulatory or specific business justification.
2. The company will retain some forms of information longer than others, but all decisions are to be based upon business requirements.
3. For more information, please refer to [Data Retention and Archive Policy](https://docs.nexraid.com/Data-Retention/Data-Retention-and-Archive-Policy).


## IT Asset Disposal
1. Appropriate security must be in place to prevent personal data from being accidentally or deliberately compromised. This is equally relevant during any IT asset destruction or recycling process.
2. IT assets that might contain personal data include but are not limited to: desktop computers, laptops, files, databases, email servers, printers, removable hard disk drives (HDD), USB devices, smartphones, tablets, backup/archive tapes and any other form of storage media.
3. It is the responsibility of the business to ensure that personal data is wiped or purged from all IT assets awaiting disposal or reuse so that it is not accessible to unauthorised persons after it has left the organisation or the device is provided to another user.
4. If a third-party service provider is used in the disposal or recycling of IT assets appropriate details are to be included in the contract regarding the management of the ‘chain of custody’.
5. IT assets are not to leave the organisation before it has been determined if any personal or business sensitive data is contained on them and who exactly is responsible for ensuring the removal and destruction of that data or IT asset.
6. Any specialist company (third-party service provider) who recycles or destroys IT assets on behalf of the company is a Data Processor. They will therefore only act on your behalf as the Data Controller in relation to any personal data on devices transferred to their custody. It is essential to conduct sufficient due diligence on any service provider to ensure they will offer personal data the same, or higher, level of protection as if it were within corporate systems.
7. The DPO shall ensure that continued audit and assessment of any service provider shall be conducted throughout the term of any contractual relationship.
8. An inventory, as part of the company asset register, shall identify and record all IT assets and equipment sent for disposal or recycling.
9. Where items such as printers and scanners are leased, the DPO shall ensure there are appropriate terms and responsibilities defined regarding the removal of personal/business sensitive data before they are leased, sold or recycled elsewhere.
10. Where appropriate refer to, or align controls with, the Data Retention and Archive Policy.


## Risk Assessment
1. To ensure that NexRaid is aware of any risks associated with processing Personal data it will implement a process for assessing the level of risk to individuals associated with processing such data.
2. Where appropriate this risk assessment will include third parties processing Personal data on behalf of the company; third parties are to be subjected to Data Processor Agreements.
3. Risk assessments will verify that personal information is being processed fairly, lawfully and that legal ground for processing it have been identified and are appropriately documented and communicated.
4. The level of risks associated with personal information may increase depending upon the specifics and volume of the data being processed, the manner and locations in which that processing takes place.


## Transfer Outside Singapore
1. To ensure an adequate level of protection is applied to Personal data transferred or processed outside Singapore, contracts are to include conditions relating to the specific requirements for the protection of the information.
2. NexRaid is responsible for ensuring that ‘Due Diligence’ is conducted on the other party, and that adequate and appropriate control and safeguards are applied for the transfer of the Personal data.
3. Companies outside Singapore are required to apply the same or higher controls and requirements as applied within Singapore unless they can demonstrate other adequate procedures are implemented to protect the Personal data as part of the ‘due diligence’ process. Periodic reviews of controls and requirements are to be conducted to ensure adherence is maintained.


## Responsibilities
1. It is a condition of employment that all employees, contracted third parties and individuals abide by the policies endorsed by NexRaid.
2. Any person who considers that this policy has not been followed in respect of Personal data relating to themselves, or others, is to raise the matter directly with their Hiring Manager, or, if the matter cannot be resolved, it can be raised as a formal grievance with the DPO.
3. The DPO is to ensure this policy is communicated to employees as part of their Induction Training Program and that they receive refresher training annually thereafter. A formal record of all training is to be retained against the individuals’ personal records.
4. Staff with day-to-day responsibilities for processing Personal data in any form must be able to demonstrate competence in their understanding of the data protection legislation as well as being able to describe the processes through which this is implemented within the business.
5. Third party suppliers that store or process Personal data on behalf of NexRaid are designated Data Processors and shall be bound by a Data Processor Agreement.
6. Regular reviews must be undertaken to ensure that this Policy is adhered to; a record of such activity is to be maintained.
7. Any questions regarding the interpretation or operation of this policy are to be communicated to the DPO.

## Violations
Unauthorised disclosure of Personal data is a disciplinary matter that may be considered a gross misconduct. Any failure to follow this Policy must be treated as an incident and investigated, the findings of which will be handled in accordance with the company’s disciplinary procedures, and could lead to termination of employment, or in the case of third parties, termination of the contractual relationship with the company; in certain circumstances this could give rise to legal proceedings.
