---
uuid: 3fc930f9-ec82-4554-acc1-2cf0b514761a
draft: false
title: "Firewall and Router Configuration Standard"
path: /Information-Security/Firewall-and-Router-Configuration-Standard
description: "This policy provide a minimum set of standards for ensuring a stable and secure Firewall and Router configurations can be implemented and maintained."
keywords: 
  - firewall
  - router
  - network
  - configuration
  - standard
  - information-security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: information-security
date: 2020-01-10
version_date: 2020-01-10
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: kiathan
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Firewall and Router Configuration Standard
## Introduction
The security of Nexraid Consulting Pte Ltd (Nexraid) network components and technology infrastructure is of vital operational importance in order to maintain the Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability of business operations thereby preserving the corporate reputation, brand and market credibility, whilst ensuring that only appropriately authorised and approved activities are conducted on those systems.


## Scope of Document
The scope of this standard covers all corporate Firewalls and Routers to safeguard and protect the corporate networks and supporting infrastructure.


## Purpose
The purpose of this document is to provide a minimum set of standards for ensuring a stable and secure Firewall and Router configurations can be implemented and maintained. This document will outline a set of segments and the type of traffic that would be allowed to pass over them.


## Firewalls, Routers & Switches Standards Overview
1. The company’s networks shall be protected throughout the systems life-cycle through the use of firewalls, proxy servers and other appropriate prevention systems at the network boundaries and at strategic internal network points as appropriate to the risks;
2. There shall be a firewall at each Internet connection and between any demilitarized zone (DMZ) and internal networks;
3. Firewall and router configurations are to only permit inbound and outbound traffic necessary for defined business purposes;
4. Network security devices shall be configured to follow a ‘least privilege’ policy on all inbound and outbound traffic, such that any network traffic that is not explicitly allowed shall be explicitly denied (‘deny all’) unless a specific allow statement has been authorised;
5. Firewalls, routers, switches are to be hardened using Centre for Internet Security benchmarks or similar guides, such that minimum services are running and file system security is locked down;
6. Firewall and router configuration standards are to include a documented list of all services, protocols and ports employed along with a business justification for their use;
7. There shall be a formal, verifiable process for testing and approving all network connections and changes to firewall and router configurations and rule-sets;
8. Firewall and router rule-sets shall be formerly reviewed and verified at least every six months; reviews must show at a minimum what rules were reviewed, the outcome of the review, personnel that participated in the review and the approver for the review; a record of such reviews is to be maintained for audit purposes;


## Network Security
Firewalls configurations is to meet the following set of requirements:
1. All inspections should be stateful;
2. Provide filtering of ingress and egress traffic;
3. Limit responses to external pings and traceroutes;
4. Provide source NAT to internal addresses;
5. Ensure compliance with system security policy by resetting and changing all default passwords;
6. Remove any unused or unnecessary services/accounts;
7. Ensure that traffic containing CC data is contained within CDE environment;
8. Each outgoing connection needs to first have a valid business justification before it is provisioned on the firewall;
9. Inbound connections need to have valid business justification;
10. Both Inbound and outbound connections should only be allowed for required services;
11. All internal addresses need to adhere to RFC1918;
12. Front-facing services must reside in the DMZ;


## Network Security Zones
Nexraid internal network is to be segregated into different zones, each with different level of security requirements.


### Internal Network Segment
An internal environment containing resources and services required by development and operations teams. This restricted network segment is to have no way of being accessed externally other than via approved remote-access channels. There are to be no direct access to Cardholder Data Environment segment.


### Cardholder Data Environment (CDE) Segment
A restricted network that hosts servers which are used for storing and processing data which might contain credit card information. This segment has no direct access to the Internet and has to be segregated from other segments by a secondary/intersegment firewall.


### Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) Segment
A semi-restricted segment which hosts all Nexraid internet facing services.


## Inbound Connections
Any connection with source other than Nexraid internal network is to be treated as inbound. Unless there is a documented business requirement, all inbound connections are to be denied by default. Rules allowing incoming connections have to be signed off by business and only apply to approved ports and source addresses.


## Network Firewall Change Control
Any changes to the Firewall configuration has to go through an official Change Management Process. Any change must be documented, tested and approved in accordance with the Change Management Process before going into production. Following major changes, external scans need to be carried out to ensure full compliance. Any new services which are allowed access through the Firewall are to be inspected for vulnerabilities prior to their deployment.


## Administrative Access
Firewalls are only to be managed and accessed by the highest-level administrators. All administrative users are to use unique accounts. A standard break-glass account is to be available but never used. Remote management is to be only carried out via SSH from a restricted jump server and require a two-factor authentication. All other type of administrative access is to be disabled.


## Logging
All Firewalls are to be configured to export their system logging to designated syslog server. At a minimum, the firewall log is to contain:
1. System unusable messages indicating Emergencies;
2. Alert, Critical, Error and Warning messages;
3. Logon and configuration attempts;
4. Logs must be available for a duration of one year with three months available for immediate analysis


## Router and Switch Standard Baseline
1. All administrators to have individual unique account configured on switches and routers;
2. All passwords are to be kept in encrypted form;
3. The following are to be disabled:
   1. All running web services;
   2. Unused ports and interfaces;
   3. Use of SNMP;
   4. TCP small services;
   5. UDP small services;
   6. Insecure hashing methods;
4. Primary and secondary points of contact are to be provided for all routers and switches;
5. SSH access is the only approved administrative management method. All other protocols are to be disabled;
6. Employ NTP synchronisation of clock;
7. Logging configuration must comply with Security Logging and Monitoring Policy;
8. All vendor defaults are to be changed prior to deployment;


## Perimeter
1. Where appropriate, the following are to be disabled:
   1. Connections with spoofed internal addresses on externally facing interfaces
   2. Packets with identical source and destination addresses
   3. Outgoing traffic with internal (RFC1918) addresses as a destination
   4. All source routing
   5. IP directed-broadcast
2. Where appropriate, implement black hole routing or similar access rules;
3. Disable any TFTP services that could be used for network auto-loading;

## Responsibilities
1. The Network / Infrastructure Team, and, where contracted, third party suppliers shall make certain that appropriate controls are in place to protect corporate networks and maintain a high-level security posture for the company.
2. All employees, and where appropriate third parties, are responsible for complying with this Policy where appropriate to their business function and role.
3. CIO/CTO is responsible for ensuring that this standard is kept current and compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS).
4. There shall be a signed acknowledgement from responsible parties that they are aware of and conversant with their obligations and responsibilities.
