---
uuid: 084f1df4-7bce-41b1-acc9-f4e47f51a526
draft: false
title: "ISP09 - External Party Management Policy"
path: /ISP/ISP09-External-Party-Management-Policy
additional_path:
    - "/ISP/ISP09"
    - "/ISP/External-Party-Management-Policy"
    - "/Information-Security/External-Party-Management-Policy"
description: "This policy outlines the External Party Management Policy for Nexraid's information system."
keywords: 
  - external
  - management
  - security
  - vendor
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - Nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
  - iso27001
  - iso27701
sidebar: isp
date: 2021-11-01
version_date: 2022-08-01
version_name: 2.0.0
version_changelog: Merge our original policy with the version audited by DPTM
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---


# Nexraid Information Security Policy 09 – External Party Security Management Policy

## Document Details
* Doc ID: ISP09
* Doc Title: External Party Security Management Policy
* Revision: 2.0
* Effective Date: 1 August 2022
* Author: Danny Tan
* Approver: Liu Lung Hao

## Introduction
Information residing in Nexraid Consulting, related to the company and its clients, are valuable assets within the organization. Information loss or being compromised poses a serious risk of monetary and reputation effect for the company. It is vital that the company protects its information as well as manages such information which are handled by external parties in the cycle of business process. 

## Scope
This policy applies to all Nexraid Consulting employees and external parties which are involved in the manufacturing cycle of the company.

## Risk Assessment Applicability
1. Granting of access to Company information access for external parties may lead to possible security risk including, but not limited to, information leakage or system integrity issues depending on the service used or provisioned and hence should be managed.
2. External party refer to both customer and vendor.
3. Information security risk assessment has to be performed by the Company on behalf of the customer under the following conditions:
   1. Customer needs to be given regular access into Company’s IT systems
   2. Customer needs to be given regular access into Company’s restricted area
   3. Information needs to be given to customer through a medium (e.g., email, cloud storage, paper, discs, tapes) where information leakage may lead to security breaches in the Company or other Company’s clients
4. Information security risk assessment has to be performed by the Company on behalf of the vendor under the following conditions:
   1. Vendor needs to have regular logical access into Company IT systems
   2. Vendor needs to have regular physical access into Company’s restricted area
   3. Vendor needs to access Company information remotely
   4. Information needs to be given to a vendor for work purposes and information leakage may lead to security breaches in the Company
   5. Vendor acting as service provider where information and/or software, electronically or in media, has to be regularly exchanged between the vendor and Company
   6. Vendor acting as service provider where agreed service delivery failure may lead to integrity and availability issues within the Company.


## Security Arrangements for Customers
1. Customer access groups, both physical and logical, shall be pre-determined and its access control profile shall be formalized to ensure clarity in resource assignment.
2. Information and reports that are intended to be made available to the Customers shall be reviewed and approved by respective business unit heads to ensure information is presented on a “need-to” basis.
3. Customers receiving classified information from the Company other than concerning the Customers themselves shall be informed of the information handling requirements.


## Security arrangements for Vendor Compliance
1. All vendors shall enter into a formal agreement stating the security requirements with the following considerations, where applicable:
   1. Information classification and handling arrangement
   2. Target level of acceptable service
   3. Liabilities of both parties
   4. Intellectual property rights (IPR) and copyright protection of collaboration work
   5. Physical and logical (including privileges) access control arrangement
   6. Requirement to maintain a list of individuals that are authorised to use the service and their privileges
   7. Right to monitor and revoke user activity
   8. Right to audit contractual responsibilities or audits carried out by a third party
   9. Restriction on copying and disclosing Company’s information (NDA)
   10. Return or destruction of all information upon the end of the contract
   11. Requirement to protect against malicious software (generic wording)
   12. Involvement of third party with other subcontractors
2. In the event where vendor providing outsourcing services, additional controls shall be applied.
3. An agreed level of security review, monitoring and audit shall be conducted on key vendors. Changes to any provision of services by vendors, including maintaining and improving on existing information security policies, procedures and control, shall be managed and risk re-assess if necessary. 