---
uuid: 6aeacb86-5169-446a-8a5f-fca8606e9718
draft: false
title: "Human Resource Security Policy"
path: /Information-Security/Human-Resource-Security-Policy
description: "This policy outlines the Human Resource Security Policy for Nexraid's information system."
keywords: 
  - HR
  - Human Resource
  - information
  - security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - Nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
  - iso27001
  - iso27701
sidebar: information-security
date: 2021-11-01
version_date: 2021-11-01
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version after audited by ISO27001
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Human Resource Security Management Policy
## Introduction
Nexraid Consulting must balance employees' needs to access information with the organizational obligation and to protect information confidentiality, integrity, and availability. This policy defines the measures to prevent accidental or intentional security breaches caused by employee and to get support from employees to implement the ISMS policy.

## Scope
This policy applies to all Nexraid Consulting employees and contractors.

## Procedures

### Security Roles and Responsibilities
Prior to employment, each department manager will define a job description skill and knowledge requirements for their employees. Depending on the job function this might include but is not limited to knowledge related to:
1. Information Security related to the job
2. Business Continuity requirements
3. Client specific security clearance level

### Background Check
Background check for all employees will include the following:
1. Availability of satisfactory employment document
2. CV check
3. Professional verification (either past employer or non-family member)
4. Sole identification checks such as ID or passport
5. Personal self-declaration of past records on criminal and finance related areas

### Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) and Acknowledgement
After acceptance of employment, requirements related to maintaining security and to protect Intellectual Property (IP) is stipulated in employment contracts and all employees, will sign a non-disclosure agreement and employee acknowledgement form.

### Induction Training 
After being employed, all employees will attend an induction program covering security brief in the area of data privacy and data protection. Such training is conducted over the portal of Flex university training package and to be acknowledged by the new employees and HR department with a certificate. During employment period, information security awareness training will be conducted annually.

### Disciplinary Process
Depending on the severity of actual or potential security breach, management will conduct a formal disciplinary process for employees in order to prevent any reoccurrence. Disciplinary actions will range from verbal warning to letter of warning to termination of employment. After acceptance of employment, all employees are made notice of the consequence of various offends.


### Termination of Employment or Internal Transfer
#### Return of Assets
Employment Contracts are terminated based on established HR procedures. In cooperation with the relevant department heads, HR department will ensure that all relevant company assets such as IT equipment, software, access media and keys are returned. A termination exemption/non-exemption clearance form will be used to assist in clearance process authorized/approved by respective department heads, i.e., HOD, IT, Finance and Human Resource.
#### Termination/Change of Access Privileges
For termination and internal change of employment, respective HOD will inform IT department timely to facilitate all access privileges to the network and the site are terminated or change accordingly.

### Visitor Management
1. Upon arrival, visitors must identify themselves at the holding area and upon positive recognition, enters the company premise with a visitor pass and sign-in (visitor logbook).
2. All visitors are to be escorted by company staff throughout their visitation period. Escorting personnel in charge will be notified of the visitors’ arrival and receive his/her guests. 
3. Escorting personnel must monitor visitors closely and mobile devices which can store or capture images is not allowed to be used unless approval granted by respective HOD for official reasons.
4. At all times, visitors are not to be given access to the company internal wireless network without formal authorization from the respective HOD.
5. Visitors are not to borrow your access card. Tours of restricted areas by visitors are also prohibited unless being authorised by the HOD.
6. As a norm, visitors’ stay in the company premise should be confined to normal business hours whenever possible. If any visitor needs to come in early or leave late, the HOD must be notified, and all above-mentioned escorting procedures apply.
7. All suspicious activity related to visitors are to be reported to the HOD for follow-up.