---
uuid: 1374cb99-e67b-4f86-950c-0243b7fe80ca
draft: false
title: "Eligibility for Education Discount Services and Licenses"
path: /License/License-Eligibility/Education
description: "Eligibility for Education Discount Services and Licenses"
keywords: 
  - eligibility
  - education
  - academic
  - discount
  - donation
  - service
  - license
  - customer
  - agreement
  - general
  - legal
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - openSource
sidebar: license
date: 2020-01-12
version_date: 2020-01-12
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---


# Eligibility for Government Discount Services and Licenses
Public Sector Organizations or government institution that fall into the categories or criteria as defined and described below are eligible to participate in the Nexraid Government License programs specifically designed for government.

## Definition of Public Sector
A public sector organization or government institution means any organization that does not operate for profit and that falls into one of the following categories:

### Supranational
All organizations or institutions that have a discernible regulatory or legislative role across many national governments.

### National / Federal
All governmental organizations or institutions that are managed at the national or federal level and have a remit for governing across a nation state or country. This will include parliamentary bodies and judicial bodies with powers of setting or deciding on the rule of law.

### Regional / State / Provincial
An intermediate tier of Government that does not cover an entire country but has multiple areas of local government within their governing jurisdiction. This includes
1. all governmental organizations or institutions that are managed at the state/regional level and which are called variously: regions, departments, states, landers, counties, or provinces; and
2. all departments, parliamentary bodies, regulatory authorities and judicial bodies with powers of setting or deciding on the rule of law in that region, department, state, lander, county or province.

### Local
The lowest level of Government and associated administration. This includes all governmental organizations or institutions that are managed at the city, town, district, regency municipality, village, township, commune and ward level, (e.g. recreation, refuse collection, fire service, control of local services, and implementation of some national services).

### Healthcare
Any governmental organizations or institutions that provide health care services and coverage, set or decide on health care policy across a nation state or country, provide funding for health care services and coverage, or have a regulatory role in health care services and coverage.

### Other Government Organizations
1. Any organization that is singularly accountable to, and ultimately controlled by, an internationally recognized Nation State Government.
2. Any organization created by legislation to perform a public purpose as described in the relevant enabling legislation or the articles of association/objectives of that organization (e.g., statutory boards, municipal corporations, government research organizations).


## Eligibility
1. All the organization that met the [Definition of Public Sector](#Definition-of-Public-Sector) are eligible for Nexraid Government License program.
2. If an organization fits into one of the categories above and operates for profit, the following additional criteria will be applied to determine whether an organization qualifies as an eligible entity:
   1. Do the revenues or profits go solely to the government and none to private shareholders?
   2. Is the organization in question exempt from corporation tax?
   3. Is the organization financed more than 50% by the government (i.e. does it derive less than 50% of its funding from commercial activities)?

If the answer to all of these questions is "yes," then the organization qualifies as an eligible entity. If the answer to any of the questions above is "no," then the organization does not qualify as an eligible entity.
> Generally, government owned corporations, state-owned enterprises and government owned organizations (whether incorporated or not) undertaking commercial activities (e.g. telecommunications, banking, transportation etc.) do not qualify as an eligible entity.

3. If the Government of a country publishes a list of public sector organizations; those organizations must meet the criteria set forth in this definition to qualify as an eligible entity.
4. If an organization loses its status as an eligible government entity subsequent to signing a licensing agreement, the organization may continue to use copies for which organization is licensed, but the organization may not submit any new order for Licenses under the Nexraid Government License programs.
5. Nexraid offers government pricing to eligible [public sector organizations](#Definition-of-Public-Sector). However, organizations may be subjected to additional eligibility requirements set forth in a particular licensing agreement.
