---
uuid: 12971c89-fa04-478e-9518-e4dc91ebeac2
draft: false
title: "ISP18 - Change Management Policy"
path: /ISP/ISP18-Change-Management-Policy
additional_path:
    - "/ISP/ISP18"
    - "/ISP/Change-Management-Policy"
    - "/Information-Security/Change-Management-Policy"
description: "This policy outlines the Change Management Policy for Nexraid's information system."
keywords: 
  - change
  - information
  - security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - ISP18
  - guideline
  - Nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
  - iso27001
  - iso27701
sidebar: isp
date: 2021-11-01
version_date: 2022-08-19
version_name: 2.0.0
version_changelog: Merge our original policy with the version audited by DPTM
author: danny
manager: lunghao
---


# Nexraid Information Security Policy 18 – Change Management Policy

## Document Details
* Doc ID: ISP18
* Doc Title: Change Management Policy
* Revision: 2.0
* Effective Date: 1 September 2022
* Last Review Date: 19 August 2022
* Author: Danny Tan
* Approver: Liu Lung Hao

## Introduction
From time to time, each Information Resource element requires an outage for planned upgrades, maintenance or fine-tuning. Additionally, unplanned outages may occur that may result in upgrades, maintenance, or fine-tuning. Managing these changes is also a critical part of providing a robust and valuable Information Resources infrastructure. Purpose of the Change Management Policy is to manage changes in a rational and predictable manner so that staff and clients can plan accordingly. Changes require serious forethought, careful monitoring, and follow-up evaluation to reduce negative impact to the user community and to increase the value of Information Resources.

## Scope
Applies to all Nexraid employees involved in change, installation, operation and maintenance of Information Resources such as systems and applications.

## Types of Change Models
1. Scheduled Change (Normal): Formal notification received, reviewed, and approved by the review process in advance of the change being made.
2. Unscheduled Change: Without notification to the formal process in advance of the change being made, unscheduled changes will only be acceptable in the event of a system failure or the discovery of security vulnerability.
3. Emergency Change: In the event of an imminent critical system failure that needs to prevent widespread service disruption.


## Change Procedures
1. All Nexraid information systems must comply with an Information Resources change management process that meets the following criteria:
   1. Every change to Information Resource such as: operating systems, computing hardware, networks, and applications is subject to the Change Management Policy.
   2. A formal written change request must be submitted for all changes, both scheduled and unscheduled. Refer to change request form.
   3. All scheduled change requests must be submitted in accordance with change management procedures so that the request can be accessed, determined and reviewed for potential failures, and make the decision to allow or delay the request.
   4. Each scheduled change request must receive approval by respective Head of HODs and subsequently by IT Dept HOD, before proceeding with the change.
   5. Customer notification must be completed for each scheduled or unscheduled change. A UAT must conducted a formally approved by the Requestor (respective Head of HODs).
   6. A roll-back plan is to prepare and carried-out if required.
   7. A Change Review must be completed for each change, whether scheduled or unscheduled, and whether successful or not.
   8. A Change Request Form must be maintained for all changes. Refer to the sample of Change Request Form.
   9. Change implementation is to be communicated to all relevant users.