---
uuid: 5146bc0f-5422-4bc2-88b4-de13ac1373b0
draft: false
title: "Nexraid General Customer Agreement"
path: /Legal/Customer-Agreement/General
additional_path:
    - "/Legal/Customer-Agreement"
description: "This Agreement is between Customer and Nexraid and consists of General Terms, the applicable Use Rights and SLAs, and any additional terms Nexraid presents when an order is placed."
keywords: 
  - customer
  - agreement
  - general
  - legal
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: legal
date: 2020-01-12
version_date: 2020-01-12
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid General Customer Agreement
This Nexraid Customer Agreement (the “Agreement”) is between Customer and Nexraid and consists of these General Terms, the applicable Use Rights and SLAs, and any additional terms Nexraid presents when an order is placed. This Agreement takes effect when the Customer accepts these General Terms. The individual who accepts these General Terms represents that he or she is authorized to enter into this Agreement on behalf of the Customer.

## General Terms
These General Terms apply to all of Customer's orders under this Agreement. Capitalized terms have the meanings given under [“Definition and Abbreviation”](https://docs.nexraid.com/Definition-and-Abbreviation).

## License to use Nexraid Products
### License Grant
Products are licensed and not sold. Upon Nexraid's acceptance of each order and subject to Customer's compliance with this Agreement, Nexraid grants Customer a nonexclusive and limited license to use the Products ordered as provided in the applicable Use Rights and this Agreement. These licenses are solely for Customer's own use and business purposes and are non-transferable except as expressly permitted under this Agreement or applicable law.

### Duration of Licenses
Licenses granted on a subscription basis expire at the end of the applicable subscription period unless renewed. Licenses granted for metered Products billed periodically based on usage continue as long as Customer continues to pay for its usage of the Product. All other licenses become perpetual upon payment in full.

### Applicable Use Rights
1. For perpetual licenses, the Use Rights in effect when Customer orders a Product will apply.
2. For subscriptions, the Use Rights in effect at the start of each subscription period will apply. Customers with subscriptions for Software may use new versions released during the subscription period subject to the Use Rights in effect when those versions are released.
3. For metered Products billed periodically based on usage, the Use Rights in effect at the start of each billing period will apply during that period.

Nexraid may update the Use Rights periodically, but material adverse changes for a particular version will not apply during the applicable license, subscription, or billing period.

### End Users
Customer will control access to and use of the Products by End Users and is responsible for any use of the Products that does not comply with this Agreement.

### Affiliates
Customer may order Products for use by its Affiliates. If it does, the licenses granted to Customer under this Agreement will apply to such Affiliates, but Customer will have the sole right to enforce this Agreement against Nexraid. Customer will remain responsible for all obligations under this Agreement and for its Affiliates' compliance with this Agreement.

### Reservation of Rights
Nexraid reserves all rights not expressly granted in this Agreement. Products are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and international treaties. No rights will be granted or implied by waiver or estoppel. Rights to access or use a Product on a device do not give Customer any right to implement Nexraid patents or other Nexraid intellectual property in the device itself or in any other software or devices.

### Restrictions
Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement or Product documentation, Customer must not (and is not licensed to):
1. reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any Product, or attempt to do so;
2. install or use non-Nexraid software or technology in any way that would subject Nexraid's intellectual property or technology to any other license terms;
3. work around any technical limitations in a Product or restrictions in Product documentation;
4. separate and run parts of a Product on more than one device;
5. upgrade or downgrade parts of a Product at different times;
6. transfer parts of a Product separately; or
7. distribute, sublicense, rent, lease, or lend any Products, in whole or in part, or use them to offer hosting services to a third party.

### License Transfers
Customer may only transfer fully-paid, perpetual licenses under this Agreement to an Affiliate or a third party solely in connection with the transfer of hardware to which, or employees to whom, the licenses have been assigned as part of a divestiture of all or part of an Affiliate or a merger involving Customer or an Affiliate. Upon such transfer, Customer must uninstall and discontinue using the licensed Product and render any copies unusable. Customer must notify Nexraid of a license transfer and provide the transferee a copy of these General Terms, the applicable Use Rights and any other documents necessary to show the scope, purpose and limitations of the licenses transferred. Nothing in this Agreement prohibits the transfer of Software to the extent allowed under applicable law if the distribution right has been exhausted.

### Customer Eligibility
Customer agrees that if it is purchasing academic, government or non-profit offers, Customer meets the respective [eligibility requirements](https://docs.nexraid.com/eligiblitydefinition). Nexraid reserves the right to verify eligibility and suspend product use if requirements are not met.

## Non-Nexraid Products
Non-Nexraid Products are provided under separate terms by the Publishers of such products. Customer will have an opportunity to review those terms prior to placing an order for a Non-Nexraid Product through a Nexraid online store or Online Service. Nexraid is not a party to the terms between Customer and the Publisher. Nexraid may provide Customer's contact information and transaction details to the Publisher. Nexraid makes no warranties and assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever for Non-Nexraid Products. Customer is solely responsible for its use of any Non-Nexraid Product.
 
## Verifying Compliance
Customer must keep records relating to Products it and its Affiliates use or distribute. At Nexraid's expense, Nexraid may verify Customer's and its Affiliates' compliance with this Agreement at any time upon 30 days' notice. To do so, Nexraid may engage an independent auditor (under nondisclosure obligations) or ask Customer to complete a self-audit process. Customer must promptly provide any information and documents that Nexraid or the auditor reasonably requests related to the verification and access to systems running the Products. If verification or self-audit reveals any unlicensed use, Customer must, within 30 days, order sufficient licenses to cover the period of its unlicensed use. Without limiting Nexraid's other remedies, if unlicensed use is 5% or more of Customer's total use of all Products, Customer must reimburse Nexraid for its costs incurred in verification and acquire sufficient licenses to cover its unlicensed use at 150% of the then-current Customer price or the maximum allowed under applicable law, if less. All information and reports related to the verification process will be Confidential Information and used solely to verify compliance. 

## Privacy
### Personal Data
Customer consents to the processing of Personal Data by Nexraid and its Affiliates, and their respective agents and subcontractors, as provided in this Agreement. Before providing Personal Data to Nexraid, Customer will obtain all required consents from third parties (including Customer's contacts, Partners, distributors, administrators, and employees) under applicable privacy and data protection laws.

### Location of Personal Data
To the extent permitted by applicable law, Personal Data collected under this Agreement may be transferred, stored and processed in Singapore or any other country in which Nexraid or its Affiliates, or their respective agents and subcontractors, maintain facilities. Nexraid will abide by the requirements of United States, European Economic Area and Swiss data protection law regarding the collection, use, transfer, retention, and other processing of Personal Data from the United States, European Economic Area and Switzerland. 

## Confidentiality
### Confidential Information
“Confidential Information” is non-public information that is designated “confidential” or that a reasonable person should understand is confidential, including, but not limited to, Customer Data, the terms of this Agreement, and Customer's account authentication credentials. Confidential Information does not include information that:
1. becomes publicly available without a breach of a confidentiality obligation;
2. the receiving party received lawfully from another source without a confidentiality obligation;
3. is independently developed; or
4. is a comment or suggestion volunteered about the other party's business, products or services.

### Protection of Confidential Information
Each party will take reasonable steps to protect the other's Confidential Information and will use the other party's Confidential Information only for purposes of the parties' business relationship. Neither party will disclose Confidential Information to third parties, except to its Representatives, and then only on a need-to-know basis under non-disclosure obligations at least as protective as this Agreement. Each party remains responsible for the use of Confidential Information by its Representatives and, in the event of discovery of any unauthorized use or disclosure, must promptly notify the other party. The Online Services Terms may provide additional terms regarding the disclosure and use of Customer Data.

### Disclosure Required by Law
A party may disclose the other's Confidential Information if required by law, but only after it notifies the other party (if legally permissible) to enable the other party to seek a protective order.

### Residual Information
Neither party is required to restrict work assignments of its Representatives who have had access to Confidential Information. Each party agrees that the use of information retained in Representatives' unaided memories in the development or deployment of the parties' respective products or services does not create liability under this Agreement or trade secret law, and each party agrees to limit what it discloses to the other accordingly.

### Duration of Confidentiality Obligation
These obligations apply for
1. Customer Data, until it is deleted from the Online Services; and
2. All other Confidential Information, for a period of five years after a party receives the Confidential Information. 
 
## Product Warranties
### Limited Warranties and Remedies
#### Online Services
Nexraid warrants that each Online Service will perform in accordance with the applicable SLA during Customer's use. Customer's remedies for breach of this warranty are described in the SLA. 

#### Software
Nexraid warrants that the Software version that is current at the time will perform substantially as described in the applicable Product documentation for one year from the date Customer acquires a license for that version. If it does not, and Customer notifies Nexraid within the warranty term, Nexraid will, at its option,
1. return the price Customer paid for the Software license or
2. repair or replace the Software.

The remedies above are Customer's sole remedies for breach of the warranties in this section. Customer waives any warranty claims not made during the warranty period.

### Exclusions
The warranties in this Agreement do not apply to problems caused by accident, abuse, or use inconsistent with this Agreement, including failure to meet minimum system requirements. These warranties do not apply to free, trial, preview, or pre-release products, or to components of Products that Customer is permitted to redistribute.

### Disclaimer
Except for the limited warranties above and subject to applicable law, Nexraid provides no other warranties or conditions for Products and disclaims any other express, implied or statutory warranties for Products, including warranties of quality, title, non-infringement, merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose.

## Defence of Third-party Claims
The parties will defend each other against the third-party claims described in this section and will pay the amount of any resulting adverse final judgment or approved settlement, but only if the defending party is promptly notified in writing of the claim and has the right to control the defence and any settlement of it. The party being defended must provide the defending party with all requested assistance, information, and authority. The defending party will reimburse the other party for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses it incurs in providing assistance. This section describes the parties' sole remedies and entire liability for such claims.

### By Nexraid
Nexraid will defend Customer against any third-party claim to the extent it alleges that a Product made available by Nexraid for a fee and used within the scope of the license granted under this Agreement (unmodified from the form provided by Nexraid and not combined with anything else), misappropriates a trade secret or directly infringes a patent, copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right of a third party. If Nexraid is unable to resolve a claim of misappropriation or infringement, it may, at its option, either
1. modify or replace the Product with a functional equivalent or
2. terminate Customer's license and refund any license fees (less depreciation for perpetual licenses), including amounts paid in advance for unused consumption for any usage period after the termination date. Nexraid will not be liable for any claims or damages due to Customer's continued use of a Product after being notified to stop due to a third-party claim.

### By Customer
To the extent permitted by applicable law, Customer will defend Nexraid and its Affiliates against any third-party claim to the extent it alleges that:
1. any Customer Data or non-Nexraid Product hosted in an Online Service by Nexraid on Customer's behalf misappropriates a trade secret or directly infringes a patent, copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right of a third party; or
2. Customer's use of any Product, alone or in combination with anything else, violates the law or harms a third party.

## Limitation of Liability
For each Product, each party's maximum, aggregate liability to the other under this Agreement is limited to direct damages finally awarded in an amount not to exceed the amounts Customer was required to pay for the Products during the term of the applicable licenses, subject to the following:

### Subscriptions
* For Products ordered on a subscription basis, Nexraid's maximum liability to Customer for any incident giving rise to a claim will not exceed the amount Customer paid for the Product during the 12 months before the incident.

### Free Products and Distributable Code
For Products provided free of charge and code that Customer is authorized to redistribute to third parties without separate payment to Nexraid, Nexraid's liability is limited to direct damages finally awarded up to SGD$3,000.

### Exclusions
In no event will either party be liable for loss of revenue or loss of anticipated savings (in either case whether direct or indirect), indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages, loss of use, loss of business information, or interruption of business, however caused or on any theory of liability.

### Exceptions
No limitation or exclusions will apply to liability arising out of either party's
1. confidentiality obligations (except for liability related to Customer Data, which will remain subject to the limitations and exclusions above);
2. defence obligations; or
3. violation of the other party's intellectual property rights.

### Liability for Death or Personal Injury
In any case where the law of Singapore applies per the terms of the Agreement or the determination of a court, nothing in this Agreement shall exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence or liability for fraudulent misrepresentation.

## Partners
### Partner Authorization
Customer may authorize a Partner to place orders on Customer's behalf and manage Customer's purchases by associating the Partner with its account. If the Partner's distribution right is terminated, Customer must select an authorized replacement Partner or purchase directly from Nexraid. Partners and other third parties are not agents of Nexraid and are not authorized to enter into any agreement with Customer on behalf of Nexraid.
### Partner Administrator Privileges and Access to Customer Data
If Customer purchases Online Services from a Partner or chooses to provide a Partner with administrator privileges, that Partner will be the primary administrator of the Online Services and will have administrative privileges and access to Customer Data and Administrator Data. Customer consents to Nexraid and its Affiliates providing the Partner with Customer Data and Administrator Data for purposes of provisioning, administering and supporting (as applicable) the Online Services. Partner may process such data according to the terms of Partner's agreement with Customer, and its privacy commitments may differ from Nexraid's. Customer appoints Partner as its agent for purposes of providing and receiving notices and other communications to and from Nexraid. Customer may terminate the Partner's administrative privileges at any time.

## Support and Professional Services
Customer's Partner will provide details on support services available for Products purchased under this agreement. Support services may be performed by Partner or its designee, which in some cases may be Nexraid. If Customer purchases Professional Services under this agreement, the performance of those Professional Services will be subject to the terms and conditions in the Use Rights.

## Pricing and Payment
If Customer orders from a Partner, the Partner will set Customer's pricing and payment terms for that order, and Customer will pay the amount due to the Partner. Pricing and payment terms related to orders placed by Customer directly with Nexraid are set by Nexraid, and Customer will pay the amount due as described in this section.

### Payment Method
Customer must provide a payment method or, if eligible, choose to be invoiced for purchases made on its account. By providing Nexraid with a payment method, Customer
1. consents to Nexraid's use of account information regarding the selected payment method provided by the issuing bank or applicable payment network;
2. represents that it is authorized to use that payment method and that any payment information it provides is true and accurate;
3. represents that the payment method was established and is used primarily for commercial purposes and not for personal, family or household use; and
4. authorizes Nexraid to charge Customer using that payment method for orders under this Agreement.

### Postpaid Invoices
Nexraid may allow postpaid invoice to eligible Customers. Customer's ability to elect post payment by invoice is subject to Nexraid's approval of Customer's financial condition. Customer authorizes Nexraid to obtain information about Customer's financial condition, which may include credit reports, to assess Customer's eligibility for invoicing. Unless the Customer's financial statements are publicly available, Customer may be required to provide their balance sheet, profit and loss and cash flow statements to Nexraid. Customer may be required to provide security in a form acceptable to Nexraid to be eligible for invoicing. Nexraid may withdraw Customer's eligibility at any time and for any reason. Customer must promptly notify Nexraid of any changes in its company name or location and of any significant changes in the ownership, structure, or operational activities of the organization.

### Invoice Payment Terms
Each invoice will identify the amounts payable by Customer to Nexraid for the period corresponding to the invoice. Customer will pay all amounts due within fifteen (15) calendar days following the invoice date unless stated otherwise.

### Late Payment
Nexraid may, at its option, assess a recurring monthly late fee on any payments to Nexraid that are more than fifteen (15) calendar days past due at a rate of five percent (5%) of the total amount payable, calculated and payable monthly, or the highest amount allowed by law, if less.

### Cancellation Fee
If a subscription permits early termination and Customer cancels the subscription before the end of the subscription or billing period, Customer may be charged a cancellation fee.

### Recurring Payments
For subscriptions that renew automatically, Customer authorizes Nexraid to charge Customer's payment method periodically for each subscription or billing period until the subscription is terminated. By authorizing recurring payments, Customer authorizes Nexraid to process such payments as either electronic debits or fund transfers, or as electronic drafts from the designated bank account (in the case of Automated Clearing House or similar debits), as charges to the designated card account (in the case of credit card or similar payments) (collectively, “Electronic Payments”). If any payment is returned unpaid or if any credit card or similar transaction is rejected or denied, Nexraid or its service providers reserve the right to collect any applicable return item, rejection or insufficient funds fee to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and to process any such fees as an Electronic Payment or to invoice Customer for the amount due.

### Taxes
* Nexraid prices exclude applicable taxes unless identified as tax inclusive. If any amounts are to be paid to Nexraid, Customer shall also pay any applicable value added, goods and services, sales, gross receipts, or other transaction taxes, fees, charges, or surcharges, or any regulatory cost recovery surcharges or similar amounts that are owed under this Agreement and that Nexraid is permitted to collect from Customer. Customer shall be responsible for any applicable stamp taxes and for all other taxes that it is legally obligated to pay including any taxes that arise on the distribution or provision of Products by Customer to its Affiliates. Nexraid shall be responsible for all taxes based upon its net income, gross receipts taxes imposed in lieu of taxes on income or profits, and taxes on its property ownership.
* If any taxes are required to be withheld on payments invoiced by Nexraid, Customer may deduct such taxes from the amount owed and pay them to the appropriate taxing authority, but only if Customer promptly provides Nexraid an official receipt for those withholdings and other documents reasonably requested to allow Nexraid to claim a foreign tax credit or refund. Customer will ensure that any taxes withheld are minimized to the extent possible under applicable law.

## Term and Termination
### Term
This Agreement is effective until terminated by a party, as described below.

#### Termination without Cause
Either party may terminate this Agreement without cause on 60 days' notice. Termination without cause will not affect Customer's perpetual licenses, and licenses granted on a subscription basis will continue for the duration of the subscription period(s), subject to the terms of this Agreement.

#### Termination for Cause
Without limiting other remedies, it may have, either party may terminate this Agreement on 30 days' notice for material breach if the other party fails to cure the breach within the 30-day notice period. Upon such termination, the following will apply:
1. All licenses granted under this Agreement will terminate immediately except for fully paid, perpetual licenses.
2. All amounts due under any unpaid invoices shall become due and payable immediately. For metered Products billed periodically based on usage, Customer must immediately pay for unpaid usage as of the termination date.
3. If Nexraid is in breach, Customer will receive a credit for any subscription fees, including amounts paid in advance for unused consumption for any usage period after the termination date.

#### Suspension
Nexraid may suspend use of any Online Service without terminating this Agreement during any period of material breach. Nexraid will give Customer notice before suspending an Online Service when reasonable.

#### Termination for Regulatory Reasons
Nexraid may modify, discontinue, or terminate a Product in any country or jurisdiction where there is any current or future government regulation, obligation, or other requirement, that
1. is not generally applicable to businesses operating there;
2. presents a hardship for Nexraid to continue offering the Product without modification; or
3. causes Nexraid to believe these terms or the Product may conflict with any such regulation, obligation, or requirement. If Nexraid terminates a subscription for regulatory reasons, Customer will receive, as its sole remedy, a credit for any subscription fees, including amounts paid in advance for unused consumption for any usage period after the termination date.

## Miscellaneous
### Independent contractors
The parties are independent contractors. Customer and Nexraid each may develop products independently without using the other's Confidential Information.

### Agreement not Exclusive
Customer is free to enter into agreements to license, use, and promote the products and services of others.

### Amendments
Nexraid may modify this Agreement from time to time. Changes to the Use Rights will apply as provided in this Agreement. Changes to other terms will not apply until Customer accepts them. Nexraid may require Customer to accept revised or additional terms before processing a new order. Any additional or conflicting terms and conditions contained in a purchase order or otherwise presented by Customer are expressly rejected and will not apply.

### Assignment
Either party may assign this Agreement to an Affiliate, but it must notify the other party in writing of the assignment. Customer consents to the assignment to an Affiliate or third party, without prior notice, of any rights Nexraid may have under this Agreement to receive payment and enforce Customer's payment obligations, and all assignees may further assign such rights without further consent. Any other proposed assignment of this Agreement must be approved by the non-assigning party in writing. Assignment will not relieve the assigning party of its obligations under the assigned Agreement. Any attempted assignment without required approval will be void.

### U.S. Export
Products from United States of America are subject to U.S. export jurisdiction. Customer must comply with all applicable international and national laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, and end-user, end use and destination restrictions by U.S. and other governments related to Nexraid products, services, and technologies.

### Severability
If any part of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, the rest of the Agreement will remain in full force and effect.

### Waiver
Failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver. Any waiver must be in writing and signed by the waiving party.

### No Third-party Beneficiaries
This Agreement does not create any third-party beneficiary rights except as expressly provided by its terms.

### Survival
All provisions survive termination of this Agreement except those requiring performance only during the term of the Agreement.

### Notices
Notices must be in writing and will be treated as delivered on the date received at the address, date shown on the return receipt, email transmission date, or date on the courier or fax confirmation of delivery. Notices to Nexraid must be sent to the following address: 

> Nexraid Consulting Pte Ltd  
> 362 Upper Paya Lebar Road  
> \#03-08, Da Jin Factory Building  
> Singapore 534963  

Notices to Customer will be sent to the individual at the address Customer identifies on its account as its contact for notices. Nexraid may send notices and other information to Customer by email or other electronic form.

### Applicable Law
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Republic of Singapore.

### Dispute Resolution
When bringing any action arising under this Agreement, the parties agree to the following exclusive venues:

* If Nexraid brings the action, the venue will be where Customer has its headquarters.
* If Customer brings the action against Nexraid or any Nexraid Affiliate located inside or outside of Singapore, the venue will be the Republic of Singapore.

The party's consent to personal jurisdiction in the agreed venue. This choice of venue does not prevent either party from seeking injunctive relief in any jurisdiction with respect to a violation of intellectual property rights or confidentiality obligations.

### Order of Precedence
These General Terms will take precedence over any conflicting terms in other documents that are part of this Agreement that are not expressly resolved in those documents, except that conflicting terms in the Use Rights take precedence over these General Terms as to the applicable Products. Terms in the Online Services Terms take precedence over conflicting terms in the Product Terms. Terms in an amendment control over the amended document and any prior amendments concerning the same subject matter.

### Nexraid Affiliates and Contractors
Nexraid may perform its obligations under this Agreement through its Affiliates and use contractors to provide certain services. Nexraid remains responsible for their performance.

### Government Procurement Rules
By accepting this agreement, Customer represents and warrants that
1. it has complied and will comply with all applicable government procurement laws and regulations;
2. it is authorized to enter into this Agreement; and
3. this Agreement satisfies all applicable procurement requirements.
