---
uuid: 77bdfcae-0256-48fe-921c-68229e344496
draft: false
title: "Office 365 Migration Overview"
path: /Migration/Office-365/
description: "This document describes how to migrate your email service to Microsoft Office 365"
keywords: 
  - office365
  - o365
  - migration
  - overview
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - openSource
sidebar: Migration
date: 2020-01-07
version_date: 2020-01-07
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Migration to Office 365
## Migration Assessment
### Check client domain name configuration
1. Check MX record via MX Lookup of MX Toolbox (https://mxtoolbox.com/)
   1. Check who is the email service provider and see if that match customer’s claim
   2. Check if the mail goes directly to email service provider or via an email proxy
2. Check DNS registrar name server vis WhoIs (https://www.whois.com/).
   1. Note that the registrar may not host the DNS name server.
3. DNS name server validation
   1. Log into the DNS name server and add a CNAME record of “nxrd” to “nexraid.com”. TTL set to the lowest possible. Example set nxrd.abc.com to nexraid.com.
   2. Visit nxrd.<Domain Name of Client> (example nxrd.abc.com) and see if it goes to Nexraid website.
      1. If yes, this name server is the right server.
      2. If no, try to wait for the duration set at TTL.
      3. If it still doesn’t work, please ask client to check if they have other DNS related credential.
      4. Final resort is to migrate out of the existing DNS name server. Not recommended as it may cause downtime.

### Assess Migration Size
1. Check the number of
   1. User (login credentials)
   2. Mailbox (storage size including shared mailbox)
   3. Contacts and calendar (if they are using)
   4. Cloud Storage and Shared Storage (storage size and drives)

### Decide a Migration Strategy
1. Do they want to migrate calendar and contact?
   1. If no, you may use IMAP Cutover migration. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/mailbox-migration/migrating-imap-mailboxes/migrating-imap-mailboxes
2. Is customer using G Suite?
   1. If yes, you may use G Suite migration https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/Exchange/mailbox-migration/perform-g-suite-migration
3. How many users do they have?
   1. Small (under 10) – Manual Cutover Outlook PST export and import.
   2. Medium (under 150) – Cutover Outlook PST Import Migration https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/mailbox-migration/cutover-migration-to-office-365
   3. Large (above 150) – Staged Outlook PST Import Migration https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/mailbox-migration/what-to-know-about-a-staged-migration
4. Discuss with customer to decide a final migration strategy
   1. Which migration strategy to go for. Pro and con for each strategy.
   2. How should the new user credential be reissued.
   3. What type of user training do they require? Online or onsite?


## Migration Preparation
### Setup Office 365 Tenant CSP Relationship
1. Check if customer has existing Office 365 tenant. If yes, ask them for access or tenant ID, such as abc.onmicrosoft.com
2. Sign into supplier cloud provisioning portal. Create a new Microsoft Tenant or add an existing Microsoft Tenant.
3. Request customer’s Office 365 global admin to go to https://nxrd.co/csp and https://nxrd.co/csp2 to authorise the CSP reseller relationship so we can provision them the license.

### Setup Custom Domain in Office 365 tenant
1. Follow the steps in https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office365/admin/setup/add-domain?view=o365-worldwide

### Create User Accounts
1. Create the users with onmicrosoft.com domain but default username to custom domain.
2. Follow the steps in https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office365/admin/add-users/add-users?view=o365-worldwide

### Create Groups
1. If you just need to use the group for management, create security group. Otherwise create Office 365 group
2. Follow the steps in https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office365/admin/create-groups/create-groups?view=o365-worldwide

### Prepare DNS Name Server for Migration
1. Lower all the related DNS record TTL to the lowest possible value.
2. Update all the DNS record except MX record

### Record Outlook Manual Connection Configuration
1. Email address
2. Domain
3. Username
4. Server URL
5. Security type
6. Port Number

### Send Out Migration Announcement
1. Can be found in GitHub

### User Training
1. Can be found in GitHub

## Migration Day
### Confirmation and Verification
1. Ensure the following has been completed
   1. All the users and groups has been created and added.
   2. Related DNS record TTL has been changed to the lowest possible value.
   3. Ensure all users are aware that migration is taking place today. They will have to stop any change to their accounts from the specified cut off time.

### Reset User Credentials
1. Reset all the user credentials of old email system to a common password for easy migration.
2. Reset all the user credentials of Office 365 to a common password for easy migration.

### Migration of MX Record
1. Set the MX record of Office 365 to 0

### Data Migration
1. Use the chosen data migration method to migrate data
   1. IMAP Cutover migration
   2. G Suite migration
   3. Manual Cutover Outlook PST export and import
   4. Cutover Outlook PST Import Migration
   5. Staged Outlook PST Import Migration

## Finalise Migration
### Check Migration Status
1. Check mailbox usage to see if data has start to import successfully.

### Test Outlook Connection
1. Sign into a test account and check if auto config and connectivity

### Reset Office 365 User Credentials
1. Reset all the user credentials and export to CSV

### Prepare Credential Reissue
1. Arrange the user credential CSV column into preferred order
2. Print it out user credential CSV on a piece of paper
3. Cut out the individual credential and issue to every user

### Monitor for Migration Issue
