---
uuid: 1f520e6f-5bdf-4458-82b2-96ef43652f69
draft: false
title: "Eligibility for Education Discount Services and Licenses"
path: /License/License-Eligibility/Education
description: "Nexraid provides donated and discounted products and services to eligible educational institution. To be eligible, you have to meet the requirements stated in this document."
keywords: 
  - eligibility
  - education
  - academic
  - discount
  - donation
  - service
  - license
  - customer
  - agreement
  - general
  - legal
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: legal
date: 2020-01-12
version_date: 2020-01-12
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Eligibility for Education Discount Services and Licenses
Nexraid provides donated and discounted products and services to eligible educational institution. To be eligible, you have to belong to one of the following organization.
1. An educational institution or establishment, being a public or private school, elementary, primary, intermediate, secondary or high school, extraordinary school for the disabled, vocational school, job training establishment, correspondence school, junior college, college of education, university, scientific or technical institute, polytechnic, academy or religious school which meets all of the following criteria:
   1. Offers courses of study that lead to a certification that is recognized as part of a country’s mainstream educational progression.  (Examples of such certifications include: International Baccalaureate; School Certificate, Associate Diploma, Diploma; Bachelor Degree; Masters Degree; Doctorate); and
   2. Is accredited by the Ministry/Department of Education or appropriate recognized education accreditation agency within the country.  In the absence of direct accreditation, there must be accreditation by proxy (i.e. the certification offered by the school or institution must be acceptable for credit or placement in a traditionally accredited educational institution locally or overseas); and
   3. Substantially all of the institution’s student enrolments (>90%) must be in educational courses leading to an accredited certification recognized, with only incidental enrollments in non-accredited programs.
2. An early childhood centre meeting all of the following criteria:
   1. is an early childhood program incorporated for the purpose of providing educational services to children between two and five years of age and which serves minimum of ten such children;
   2. is lawfully established, authorized, created, licensed, chartered, registered and/or accredited by the Ministry/Department of Education or appropriate recognized accreditation agency within the country; and
   3. has been in operation for at least one year.
3. Entities appointed by Government to deliver skill development training for its less skilled adult community to gain certificates for gainful employment. These courses are delivery via Entities classrooms and certificate is not part of mainstream education.


## License Restrictions
Organizations cannot share, transfer, or resell academic licenses or subscriptions with other organizations, including with partner educational institution or legally independent sister organizations. Additionally, umbrella organizations, including controlled affiliates or subsidiaries, that maintain shared or centralized IT systems are only eligible for one donation account.

## Non-discrimination
Nexraid values and respects individual and cultural differences and is committed to providing an inclusive environment that is welcoming and free from discrimination. Therefore, organizations are not eligible to participate in the Nexraid academic program if they have a policy or mission of discrimination in hiring, compensation, promotion, termination, retirement, training, programs, and/or services based on race, colour, sex, national origin, religion, age, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, political affiliation, union membership, or veteran status. The only exception to this policy is for religious organizations that are exempt from laws that prohibit such discrimination.

## Nexraid's Rights to Grant or Deny
Nexraid reserves the right to grant or deny an organizations application or participation at any time, for any reason, and to supplement or amend these eligibility guidelines at any time without notice. Selections are made at Nexraid’s sole discretion and are not subject to external review.
