---
uuid: 48e287f3-4600-42bf-b8c0-c4dc12248e4f
draft: false
title: "Software Development Policy"
path: /Software-Development/Software-Development-Policy
description: "This policy defines the principles and requirements for the development of secure applications, utilities and software and for its migration into the technical infrastructure."
keywords: 
  - software
  - development
  - software-development
  - policy
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: software-development
date: 2020-01-10
version_date: 2020-01-10
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: kiathan
manager: lunghao
---


# Nexraid Software Development Policy
## Introduction
The company must take all conceivable efforts to minimise losses due to security breaches or fraud being committed on any system or software (application) used to conduct business activities and must therefore adopt stringent measures to confirm that only adequately developed and tested systems or application software are employed.


## Scope of Document
This policy applies to the internal and external development of software code (applications) used to enable the business to perform its functions. The touch points and migration phases defined herein have been assembled so that security requirements are maintained throughout the development life-cycle while allowing internal and external developers to deliver software and services in an effective manner in order to make sure that:
* Code is developed to preserve customer and business security;
* Code has been appropriately tested and validated before being used in a live environment.


## Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to define the principles and requirements for the development of secure applications, utilities and software and for its migration into the technical infrastructure.
 

## Policy Statements
Project Managers must confirm that projects, regardless of their type, encompass security requirements and achieve the points defined in this document. This policy endorses the implementation of the following:
* Open Web Applications Security Project (OWASP)
* SANS CWE
* CERT Secure Coding
* Open Source Security Testing Methodology Manual (OSSTMM).


## General
Secure coding techniques shall be considered and where relevant mandated in new developments and in code reuse and upgrade scenarios. Development of code is not to be outsourced to any external party. A secure development life-cycle incorporates the people, processes and technologies associated with system development and integration.
1. The Company has committed to safeguard both internally and externally developed applications, including Internet-facing web applications to preserve the confidentiality, integrity and availability of processed data.
2. When a new product, business system or application is developed or subsequently enhanced, a thorough fraud and security risk assessment is to be conducted to establish any security requirements to be implemented.
3. Prior to commissioning it must be tested and confirmed that the product design meets these objectives, and that post launch the controls function as intended.
4. During the design phase the project team is to devise the means to manage identified security or fraud risks in the most effective and efficient way for the business; either by designing countermeasures to prevent or reduce the risk, by transferring the risk to a third party or by accepting the risk – whichever is appropriate. The decisions taken must be documented and provide an audit trail.
5. General rules that apply are:
   1. Areas of responsibility shall be segregated where practical and possible to reduce opportunities for unauthorised or unintentional modification or misuse of the organisations’ assets;
   2. Product, Services and Development staff must make certain that they align to the security guidelines contained in the aforementioned standards;
   3. Change Requests / Quality Assurance (QA) reports, and all other materials must document which version or code release they apply to;
   4. Access to application source code shall be tightly controlled and restricted to only those persons specifically authorised. The concept of least privilege will be applied as is necessary to accomplish assigned tasks in accordance with organisational needs and business functions;
   5. Code reviews are to be conducted when security related code is written or altered. This particularly relates to authentication and authorisation processes, or code used in the processing of business sensitive data;
   6. Cardholder data, or any part of it, shall never be displayed, unless there is a documented business justification and application of other appropriate controls as defined by the PCI DSS for the whole number to be displayed;
   7. Test accounts or data must not be used or processed on production or live systems;
   8. The use of real data for testing purposes must only be permitted if local legislation and measures have been taken to mitigate any privacy related risks. NB, Live and Active cardholder data or personal data (including sensitive personal data) is never to be used in the development / test environments; 
   9. The information system shall incorporate processes and procedures which confirm that personal information collected is adequate and appropriate for business purposes and in accordance with the Data Protection Policy;
   10. An application penetration test is to be conducted at least annually or after any major change which affects public (Internet) facing systems or applications;
   11. The use of peer-to-peer file sharing technologies shall only be used where specifically authorised following a risk assessment and safeguards applied to make sure it is not used for the unauthorised distribution, display, performance or reproduction of copyright or business sensitive information.
   12. Personnel who develop code are to have undergone training in secure coding techniques; such training is to be based on industry best practices and guidance. Such training is to take place annually and a formal record of such training is to be maintained.


## Development / Live Environments
1. Development, Test, and Production environments must be segregated from each other to safeguard the security of both the code and data passing through each area;
2. Code changes are to be tracked appropriately monitored to reduce opportunities for unauthorised or unintentional modification or misuse of the company’s assets;
3. Appropriate controls and filters must guarantee that only authorise traffic will flow between production and development networks;
4. Access controls must be in place to make certain that the different environments are accessible only to those persons, systems or applications that have a defined business requirement. See the Access Control Policy.


## System Managers
System managers are responsible for:
1. Ensuring fraud and security risk assessments have been conducted and that subsequent advice and recommendations are properly considered and responded to;
2. Using risk thresholds to determine whether the level of risk is acceptable or not and taking necessary and appropriate action to reduce risks to an acceptable level;
3. Ensuring the product or business system has the functionality to terminate a chargeable event and withdraw the service in the event of a security failure;
4. Determining the criteria for withdrawal of service;
5. Ensuring there are systems and data feeds in place to monitor network traffic, events, payments, customer and any other relevant information;
6. Providing the Program / Project Board with accurate and timely information relating to the management of fraud and security risks.


## Project Development
1. Projects are to commence with a workshop to determine the objectives, business requirements and prioritisation that the project is to achieve.
2. Each project shall align to a Project Approval Process that encompasses the following distinct phases:

## Feasibility / Initiation
1. A System Architect (SA) / Project Manager (PJM) shall determine that information security risks are identified and addressed at the earliest stage of the projects life-cycle in accordance with the company’s accepted security posture, legal and regulatory requirements. This may be achieved through an information security risk assessment to identify necessary controls.
2. Projects must not pass beyond this phase until sign-off has been confirmed by the Group Security Director to confirm that security issues have been considered and addressed appropriately.


## Requirements Gathering
1. The SA/PJM must guarantee that relevant security requirements are included in this phase.


## High-level Design
1. The TA/PM must work in conjunction with business leads and Group IT to make sure that security requirements are incorporated into the design where necessary. This may involve third parties where specific functions or requirements are outsourced.
2. Potential security issues are to be raised, highlighted, remediated and documented.
3. Subsequent security changes will result in the submission of Change Requests and could impact the project delivery, implementation and development costs.


## Test
1. Testing must be conducted to confirm that the requirements provided by the SA/PJM have been met. Whilst the test plan is owned by the Test Team, the SA/PJM in conjunction with the Group Security Director is responsible for the sign-off of all testing before it can be considered to be approved.
2. Security functionality testing is conducted to defined requirements to verify that security best practices have been fully considered during the design and development and that major categories of threats have been mitigated.
3. The validity of test data inputs and outputs must be thoroughly verified, and where errors occur an error message must be provided with the information necessary for corrective action without revealing sensitive data or information within error logs or systems administration messages, to prevent their exploitation or misuse by an unauthorised party.
4. Test data must be carefully selected, protected and controlled; personal or business sensitive data shall not be used for testing purposes.
5. Information flows in the test environment must flow through appropriate logical and physical security controls in order to accomplish their defined requirements.

## Code Version Tracking
1. All releases of code must be tested before being promoted into the ‘Live’ environment.
2. A list of current code versions must be maintained, either as part of the Asset Register, or within IT systems. (Refer also to Asset Management Policy).

## Code Integrity
1. Testing must be verified as having taken place against specific code versions, which is essential to confirm that business functionality and integrity of the data and processing that is taking place.
2. Code reviews, conducted by knowledgeable internal or external resources, apply to all custom code (both internal and externally facing), and are to be conducted to make certain that potential coding vulnerabilities are identified. Such reviews are to be conducted by someone other than the originating code author. 
3. Web applications are subject to additional controls in accordance with the OWASP.
4. QA reports must indicate the version of the code release they apply to and the version timestamps are to be recorded in the documentation.
5. All such documents are to be maintained to safeguard a full audit trail and sequence of events regarding the upgrade of the code. The retention period will be determined by the regularity of code reviews and changes but at least a minimum of data to align with the business data retention periods, see the Data Retention and Archive Policy for further details.
6. Application development processes will combat coding vulnerabilities, i.e.:
   1. Injection flaws, SQL, OS command injection, LDAP and XPath
   2. Buffer overflows
   3. Improper error handling
   4. Improper access control
   5. Cross-site scripting (XSS)
   6. Cross-site forgery (CSRF)
   7. Insecure cryptographic key and data storage
   8. Address any High or Medium vulnerabilities identified during technical testing or from risk assessments, audits, incidents or other reporting channels


## Code Migration
1. It is essential that live code changes are appropriately controlled once it is judged ready for release and must follow a number of steps into the live environment. During these steps the integrity of the code is of the utmost importance.
2. Code may be progressed through staging, for stress testing.
3. Code being progressed to live must be transferred by non-development staff and must be appropriately documented.
4. Development and test staff must not have the ability to add, remove or alter code which is in either live or in a staging queue.


## Back-Out Procedures
As part of the Change Control process to migrate new code into the production environment it is essential that back-out processes and procedures are developed, available and periodically tested, so that a code change can be ‘Rolled Back’ to its original condition in the event that there is a failure of any description.


## Third-Party Software Development
Software development is not to be outsources to any third-party without prior approval.


## Application Data Verification
1. Appropriate controls shall be designed into applications to safeguard correct processing. These controls shall include the validation of data input, internal processing and output data.
2. Additional controls may be necessary for system that process, or impact, business sensitive data; such controls shall be determined on the basis of operational security requirements and risk assessment.


## Responsibilities
1. All Users involved with development of software and applications must comply with this policy.
2. Any breach (suspected or proven) will be treated as an incident in accordance with the company’s Incident Management Policy.
3. The Executive Team is responsible to make certain this Policy is communicated as appropriate, that the developers understand their responsibilities and are provided with appropriate training in support of its contents and requirements.
4. Regular audits and internal reviews must be undertaken to confirm adherence to this Policy.
