---
uuid: 3546ad41-a096-41cc-b0e8-90b50fb97e38
draft: false
title: "ISP20 - Secure Software Development Policy"
path: /ISP/ISP20-Secure-Software-Development-Policy
additional_path:
    - "/ISP/ISP20"
    - "/ISP/Secure-Software-Development-Policy"
    - "/Information-Security/Secure-Software-Development-Policy"
description: "This policy outlines the Secure Software Development Policy for Nexraid's information system."
keywords: 
  - user
  - information
  - security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - ISP20
  - guideline
  - Nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
  - iso27001
  - iso27701
sidebar: isp
date: 2021-07-01
version_date: 2022-08-01
version_name: 2.0.0
version_changelog: Merge our original policy with the version audited by DPTM
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---


# Nexraid Information Security Policy 20 – Secure Software Development Policy

## Document Details
* Doc ID: ISP20
* Doc Title: Secure Software Development Policy
* Revision: 2.0
* Effective Date: 1 August 2022
* Author: Danny Tan
* Approver: Liu Lung Hao

## Introduction
Information security must be integrated into new application and systems development from their inception and throughout the development lifecycle. The development lifecycle is defined as a period that begins with conception of a new development project and ends with retirement or removal of the developed software from all active use. This policy correlates and supports the Nexraid Consulting Information Security Policy.

## Scope
This document sets forth the procedure for secure software development lifecycle which typically includes five phases, irrespective of development methodology:
1. Evaluation
2. Design
3. Implementation
4. Deployment
5. Maintenance
This policy applies to assigned and related application engineers who are responsible for all software development.

## Software Development Lifecycle Procedures
### Phase 1: Evaluation
Business, statutory and security requirements, threats and potential constraints of functionality and integration are considered at this phase. The Software Development Manager will be required to conduct a sensitivity/risk assessment that evaluates the sensitivity and criticality of the information including PII to be processed by the planned software, as well as the system itself.
1. All business requirements including data classification, data retention and disposal shall be captured. Data owner(s) shall be identified and documented;
2. All statutory and regulatory requirements including data treatment and processes such as personal data protection and data encryption shall be taken into consideration;
3. All security considerations including technologies, infrastructure and security controls such as access control, coding standards, security baseline shall be captured; and
4. Threat and risk assessment, acceptable level of security and privacy requirements shall be documented, assessed, and approved by key stakeholders.

### Phase 2: Design
Review of application systems architecture and security controls are performed at this phase. This process ensures that security requirements and controls are met through the system design and can be implemented to meet security requirements.
1. Review of architecture to ensure that the security design is consistent with the functions of the proposed architecture. This activity should also be iteratively performed whenever changes are made to the architecture;
2. Security controls should be matched against the approved security requirements. The security controls selected should mitigate security risk adequately for all business processes and the systems that support these processes;
3. The design shall address all business, statutory and security requirements captured in the requirements gathering phase; and
4. The design shall be formally documented, reviewed, and approved by key stakeholders.

### Phase 3: Implementation
As the system is being developed and implemented, security source code reviews, application testing, system security acceptance testing, and penetration testing are conducted at this phase.
1. Developers shall be trained in up-to-date secure coding technique and defensive coding practices to avoid common coding vulnerabilities;
2. Developers shall develop application based on secure coding guidelines;
3. Security source code review and application security testing shall be conducted through a bottom-up approach which allows problems to be detected early during the development of the system components.
4. A secure code review shall examine the code for the following:
    1. Common application and mobile app vulnerabilities defined in OWASP (e.g., input validation, authentication and access control);
    2. Weak implementation of security functions (e.g., encryption, access control);
    3. Backdoors, logic bombs, and malware;
    4. Undocumented/unnecessary functions;
    5. Known language-specific vulnerabilities; and 
    6. Application logic vulnerabilities.
5. A mitigation plan shall be put in place to address all vulnerabilities found. Follow-up review to validate the effectiveness of the mitigation actions and needs to be approved or risk accepted prior to performing application testing;
6. Application testing shall be performed on systems to determine if modules are fix for use. Unit testing can be used to simplify integration by testing the parts of a system first and then testing the sum of its parts;
7. A mitigation plan shall be put in place to address all vulnerabilities found. Follow-up regression test to validate the effectiveness of the mitigation actions and needs to be approved or risk accepted prior to performing systems acceptance testing;
8. Systems Acceptance Testing and Systems Security Acceptance Testing should be performed by independent assessor and thoroughly performed in test environment that are identical to the production environment;
9. A mitigation plan shall be put in place to address all vulnerabilities found. Follow-up test to validate the effectiveness of the mitigation actions and needs to be approved or risk accepted prior to performing penetration testing;
10. Penetration Testing shall be conducted to evaluate the security of the accepted system and validate the efficacy of the implemented security controls and policies;
11. A mitigation plan shall be put in place to address all vulnerabilities found. Follow-up regression test to validate the effectiveness of the mitigation actions and needs to be approved or risk accepted prior to commissioning of the system;
12. Approved systems acceptance test and pen test shall address all business, statutory and security requirements captured in the requirements gathering phase; and
13. All test plans and results shall be formally documented, sign off and reviewed.

### Phase 4: Deployment
1. System/Application Production Cut-Over Security Procedure and CSI Application Security Compliance requirements checklist shall be submitted to Head of Security before cut-over to production environment.
2. All privilege password(s) shall be vaulted into a centralised password manager. Web Application Firewall (WAF) shall be deployed to safeguard the protection of all internet-accessible application systems.
3. The result of the pen test report for internet-accessible application shall be submitted to Head of IT before cut-over to production environment.
4. Development artefacts (sample data and scripts; unused libraries, components, debug code; or tool) shall not include in the deployed software, or accessible in the production environment.

### Phase 5: Maintenance
1. Security patches shall be applied according to the timeframe defined in Vulnerability and Patch Management.
2. WAF protection policy shall be reviewed on annual basis or whenever there is a major change to the application.
3. Pen Test for internet-accessible application systems shall be conducted minimally on an annual basis or whenever there is a major change to application.
4. Application owner shall sign off the pen test plans and test results, all the findings shall be addressed.
5. Application owner shall be responsible to ensure application software is maintained in compliance with Audit Logging and Monitoring, Vulnerability and Patch Management, Configuration Management and Change Control requirements defined in this policy.