---
uuid: c2bd44db-2f44-4038-8ff0-4cd76755f542
draft: false
title: "Eligibility for Non-profit Discount Services and Licenses"
path: /License/License-Eligibility/Non-Profit
description: "Eligibility for Non-profit Discount Services and Licenses"
keywords: 
  - eligibility
  - nonProfit
  - discount
  - donation
  - service
  - license
  - customer
  - agreement
  - general
  - legal
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - openSource
sidebar: legal
date: 2020-01-12
version_date: 2020-01-12
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Eligibility for Non-profit Discount Services and Licenses
Nexraid provides donated and discounted products and services to eligible non-profits. You must meet ALL SIX of the following criteria to be eligible:

## Organization Eligibility
Organizations must be non-profit or non-governmental organizations registered with the Commissioner of Charities and/or holding Institution of Public Character (IPC) status.

## Mission Eligibility
In addition to the criteria above, eligible organizations must also operate on a not-for-profit basis and have a mission to benefit the local community that could include, but is not limited to:
1. Providing relief to the poor;
2. Advancing education;
3. Improving social welfare;
4. Preserving culture;
5. Preserving or restoring the environment;
6. Promoting human rights;
7. Establishment of civil society.

Any organization that does not meet the criteria outlined above for eligible non-profit missions is ineligible for Nexraid non-profit programs. Examples of ineligible organizations include, but is not limited to:
1. Non-profit organizations that have not obtained recognized legal status in their respective country;
2. Governmental organizations or agencies, including governmental museums, international governmental organizations, and United Nations Entities;
3. Schools, colleges and universities including formal educational institutions, non-profit schools, and academic museums;
4. Healthcare organizations including, but not limited to, hospitals, healthcare networks, health plans, ambulatory/outpatient healthcare organizations, nursing homes, retirement centres, assisted living, and home healthcare;
5. Professional, commerce and trade associations;
6. Professional and semi-professional sports organizations;
7. Political, labour, and fraternal organizations;
8. Individuals.

## User Licensing
1. Donated non-profit offers are permitted for:
   1. Paid non-profit employees;
   2. Unpaid executive staff that act as senior leadership for the non-profit. Eligible unpaid executive roles include Board of Directors, President, Officers, Executive Director, and Executive Program Directors only.
2. Discounted non-profit offers are permitted for all non-profit staff and volunteers.
3. Non-profit beneficiaries, donors, and members (such as members of a church, club, or sports team) are NOT eligible for non-profit offers.

| Staff Type                              | Non-profit Donation Offers | Non-profit Discount Offers | Volunteer Use Benefit |
|:---------------------------------------:|:--------------------------:|:--------------------------:|:---------------------:|
| Paid Staff                              | Yes                        | Yes                        |                       |
| Unpaid Executive Staff                  | Yes                        | Yes                        | Yes                   |
| Volunteers                              |                            | Yes                        | Yes                   |
| Contracted Staff (temporary, 3rd party) |                            | Yes                        |                       |
| Beneficiaries, Members, Donors          |                            |                            |                       |

## License Restrictions
Organizations cannot share, transfer, or resell non-profit licenses or subscriptions with other organizations, including with partner non-profits or legally independent sister organizations. Additionally, umbrella organizations, including controlled affiliates or subsidiaries, that maintain shared or centralized IT systems are only eligible for one donation account.

## Non-discrimination
Nexraid values and respects individual and cultural differences and is committed to providing an inclusive environment that is welcoming and free from discrimination. Therefore, organizations are not eligible to participate in the Nexraid non-profit program if they have a policy or mission of discrimination in hiring, compensation, promotion, termination, retirement, training, programs, and/or services based on race, colour, sex, national origin, religion, age, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, political affiliation, union membership, or veteran status. The only exception to this policy is for religious organizations that are exempt from laws that prohibit such discrimination.

## Nexraid's Rights to Grant or Deny
Nexraid reserves the right to grant or deny an organizations application or participation at any time, for any reason, and to supplement or amend these eligibility guidelines at any time without notice. Selections are made at Nexraid’s sole discretion and are not subject to external review.
