---
uuid: ab5a9159-0f41-4a3d-a274-a8c8094b70b6
draft: false
title: "Nexraid Master Supplier Services Agreement"
path: /Legal/Nexraid-Agreement/Master-Supplier-Services-Agreement
description: "This agreement states the terms and conditions for Nexraid to work with a third party supplier."
keywords: 
 - terms
 - supplier
 - tnc
 - agreement
 - legal
 - policy
 - guideline
 - nexraid
 - docs
 - open-source
sidebar: legal
date: 2020-01-28
version_date: 2020-01-28
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

 
# Nexraid Master Supplier Services Agreement 
This Master Supplier Services Agreement ("Agreement") is between Nexraid Consulting Pte Ltd, a Singapore corporation ("Nexraid"), and an external vendor ("Supplier"). This Agreement will be effective on the date noted below ("Effective Date"). 
This Agreement consists of
* the following terms and conditions,
* applicable addenda, SOWs, and NDAs,
* Policies,
* any other exhibits, and
* the provisions in any documents or online resources referenced in other parts of this Agreement.

## Services
### Scope of Work (SOW)
The parties will describe the Services in one or more SOWs. This Agreement applies to each SOW. Nexraid (or any Nexraid Affiliate) may enter into a SOW with Supplier (or any Supplier Affiliate existing at the time of the Effective Date) for Services under this Agreement. Local legal requirements will be documented separately in writing and agreed by the parties. Supplier will, at its own expense, 
1. obtain and maintain approvals, licenses, filings, or registrations necessary to perform Services, and 
2. comply with all applicable laws, including those specified in this Agreement. 

### Export Compliance
Services and related technology are subject to U.S. and other countries' export jurisdiction. Supplier must comply with all applicable international and national laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, Office of Foreign Assets Control sanctions programs, and end-user, end use and destination restrictions by U.S. and other governments.

### Anti-Corruption Laws
Supplier will comply with and provide training to its employees regarding Anti-Corruption Laws while performing under this Agreement. 

### Workplace Safety and Health
Supplier will comply with (and will require, through contract, all Subcontractors to comply with) applicable laws related to workplace safety and health, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 (OSHA) and parallel state laws approved under OSHA Section 18. Supplier will promptly notify Nexraid Support Team at support@nexraid.com if Supplier encounters unsafe conditions or workplace hazards in a Nexraid-provided or controlled facility. Supplier will take appropriate safety measures until Nexraid is able to correct the hazard.

### Affirmative Action Clause for Nexraid Suppliers on Covered Subcontracts for the government 
1. Contractors and suppliers doing business with Nexraid on a covered contract will comply with all Federal, State, and local labor and employment laws.
2. Contractor and subcontractor will abide by the regulations which prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, colour, religion, sex, or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status or disability.

### Acceptance of Deliverables
Unless otherwise agreed, Nexraid will evaluate each Deliverable and accept or reject it within 15 business days after receipt. If Nexraid does not accept or reject within that time period, the Deliverable is deemed accepted. Supplier will fix rejected Deliverable within 10 business days after receiving notice of rejection from Nexraid ("Correction Period"). If Supplier does not fix the Deliverable within the Correction Period, Nexraid will have no obligation with respect to that Deliverable and Supplier will promptly refund Nexraid Fees paid for that Deliverable within 15 days following the end of the Correction Period. 


### Supplier Compliance with Nexraid Policies 
1. Supplier will comply with the most current Supplier Guidelines and Supplier Code of Conduct at http://www.nexraid.com/about/companyinformation/procurement/process/ 
2. Supplier may only use Trademarks for Services and Deliverables in compliance with the guidelines at https://docs.nexraid.com/design-framework
3. Supplier will comply with the most current Supplier Data Protection Requirements ("DPR") at http://www.nexraid.com/about/companyinformation/procurement/
4. Supplier will comply with physical and information security Policies identified in a SOW or provided to Supplier by Nexraid. 
5. Devices, products, websites, web-based applications, or online content developed for or provided to Nexraid must comply with all legal and Nexraid-provided accessibility requirements. Supplier developed, provided, or maintained websites, web-based applications, or online content relevant to the Services will comply with Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 Level A and AA Success Criteria ("WCAG 2.0 AA"). WCAG 2.0, also codified as ISO/IEC 40500:2012, is available at http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/. An overview of WCAG is available at http://www.w3.org/WAI/intro/wcag.
6. Supplier will comply with all other Policies or training requirements provided by Nexraid during the Term.
7. Nexraid may change or promulgate new Policies. Changes and new Policies will be effective 30 days after Nexraid makes them available to Supplier, unless otherwise agreed in writing. If new or changes to Policies cause a material impact to the delivery schedule, Fees or other costs for Services, or Supplier's ability to meet the quality or performance standards of service level agreements, Supplier will promptly notify Nexraid. The parties will discuss how to mitigate the impact to enable Supplier to comply. 


### Supplier's Personnel and Subcontracting 
1. Supplier will recruit, select, and train its personnel according to the applicable SOW. If required by Nexraid, Supplier personnel who develop or test Nexraid software or access Nexraid source code will receive training on Nexraid's security development lifecycle. At Nexraid's request, Supplier will promptly remove or replace any individual performing Services.
2. Supplier is responsible for all wages, fringe benefits, payroll taxes, insurance (including, where applicable, medical coverage compliant with the Affordable Care Act), work schedules, and work conditions of its employees, contractors, or other resources performing Services.
3. Before assignment of a Supplier employee to provide Services, Supplier will be compliant with the immigration rules and laws in the jurisdiction in which the Supplier employee will provide Services.
4. Supplier will not subcontract Services to third parties without Nexraid's prior written consent. If Supplier subcontracts any Services to any Subcontractor, Supplier will
      1. be fully liable to Nexraid for Services performed by the Subcontractor,
      2. remain obligated under this Agreement for performing subcontracted Services,
      3. require the Subcontractor to agree in writing to terms no less protective of Nexraid than the terms of this Agreement applicable to the work performed by the Subcontractor;
      4. require the Subcontractor to agree in writing that Nexraid is an intended third-party beneficiary of its agreement with Supplier,
      5. unless otherwise agreed, if Supplier fails to pay the Subcontractor, Nexraid may pay the Subcontractor and offset those amounts against amounts owed to Supplier, and
      6. require the Subcontractor, while performing Services to be compliant all applicable immigration laws in the jurisdiction in which the Subcontractor employee(s) will provide Services.

### Supplier Equipment and Technology
Unless otherwise agreed in an applicable SOW, Supplier will provide the equipment, technology, and infrastructure necessary to perform Services at its expense. Supplier will ensure such items are compatible with Nexraid's equipment, technology, and infrastructure as necessary to perform Services.

## Ownership and Use of The Parties' Respective IP
### Ownership of Pre-existing IP
Each party will own and retain all rights to its pre-existing IP and any IP developed outside of Services performed under this Agreement.

### Supplier's Use of Nexraid Materials
1. License to use Nexraid Materials 
      1. Nexraid grants Supplier a non-exclusive, revocable license to copy, use, and distribute Nexraid Materials provided to it as necessary to perform Services. Nexraid retains all other interest in Nexraid Materials and related IP. Supplier has no right to sublicense the right to use Nexraid Materials except as necessary to approved Subcontractors.
      2. If Nexraid Materials come with a separate license, the terms of that license will apply and those terms, including any applicable Source Code License Form, control in the case of conflict with this Agreement.
      3. Supplier will take reasonable precautions to protect and ensure against loss or damage, theft, or disappearance of Nexraid Materials.
2. Nexraid may revoke the license to Nexraid Materials at any time for any reasonable business reason. The license will terminate automatically on the earlier of the expiration or termination of this Agreement or an applicable SOW. Supplier will promptly return any Nexraid Materials on request or termination of Supplier's license.
3. Additional provisions
      1. Supplier will not modify, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble Nexraid Materials except as allowed by Nexraid to perform Services.
      2. Supplier will leave in place and not alter or obscure proprietary notices and licenses contained in Nexraid Materials.
      3. Unless otherwise specified in an applicable SOW, Supplier will maintain and use Nexraid Materials according to the manufacturer's specifications and instructions.
      4. Nexraid is not obligated to provide technical support, maintenance, or updates for Nexraid Materials.
      5. Nexraid Materials are provided as-is without warranty.
      6. Supplier assumes the risk of loss, damage, unauthorized access or use, or theft or disappearance of Nexraid Materials in Supplier's (or its Subcontractors') care, custody, or control.
      7. Supplier will take no action affecting Nexraid's, or the owner of Nexraid Materials if not Nexraid, title or interest in Nexraid Materials.

### Supplier's Use of non-Nexraid IP
1. Supplier will obtain Nexraid's written consent before using Supplier IP or third party IP in a manner that would
      1. cause it to be included in Deliverables,
      2. alter or affect Nexraid's ownership interests in Deliverables, or
      3. be required for the Deliverables to be used, modified, or distributed by Nexraid.
2. If Supplier IP or third party IP is incorporated into Deliverables, or is necessary for the unrestricted use or distribution of Deliverables by Nexraid or any third party, then Supplier will continue to own the Supplier IP. Unless the parties agree on written license terms, Supplier grants Nexraid and its Affiliates a worldwide, nonexclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid-up right and license, under all current and future IP, to
      1. make, use, reproduce, format, modify, and create derivative works of the applicable Supplier IP or third party IP,
      2. publicly perform or display, import, broadcast, transmit, distribute, license, offer to sell and sell, rent, lease, or lend copies of the applicable Supplier IP and third party IP and derivative works,
      3. combine the Supplier IP and third party IP and derivative works with any software, firmware, hardware, or services, and
      4. sublicense to third parties the foregoing rights, including the right to sublicense to further third parties. 

### Ownership of Deliverables
1. Subject to Supplier's retained IP rights, Deliverables are "work made for hire" under applicable copyright law. If Deliverables do not qualify as a work made for hire, Supplier assigns to Nexraid all right, title, and interest in and to the Deliverables, including all IP rights. Supplier waives all moral rights in Deliverables. 
2. Supplier will promptly disclose to Nexraid in writing any inventions, works of authorship, improvements, developments or discoveries conceived, authored, made, or reduced to practice by Supplier or its Subcontractors, either solely or in collaboration with others, in the performance of Services. At Nexraid's request and expense, Supplier will execute documents and take any other action reasonably necessary to evidence, perfect, or protect Nexraid's rights in the Deliverables. Supplier will cooperate with Nexraid in the filing and prosecution of copyright, trademark, or patent applications Nexraid elects to file on Deliverables or related inventions and designs. Supplier will not challenge, oppose, or interfere with Nexraid's applications prepared according to Nexraid's rights under this Agreement relating to the Deliverables, or file applications on its own behalf. 

## Supplier Compensation
### Nexraid's Payment of Fees
1. Nexraid will pay Supplier fees stated in each SOW ("Fees"). A Supplier rate card, if one is attached to this Agreement, will provide ceiling rates for Nexraid. Supplier is responsible for expenses it incurs unless agreed otherwise in a SOW. Supplier will not mark up expenses Nexraid agrees to pay. Supplier will not offset against amounts Nexraid owes.
2. Unless agreed otherwise in a SOW, after Nexraid accepts Services and receives a proper and undisputed invoice, it will pay Fees and approved expenses
      1. net 10 days less a 2% discount on the invoiced amount, or
      2. net 60 days with no discount.
3. Nexraid will pay Supplier according to Nexraid's then-current payment policies.

### Disputed Amounts
Nexraid may dispute any invoice amount (each, a "Disputed Amount") by providing written notice to Supplier. Partial payment is notice from Nexraid of a Disputed Amount. Nexraid will make commercially reasonable efforts to notify Supplier in writing of any Disputed Amount within 60 days of receiving the invoice. Nexraid's failure to provide notice or payment of an invoice does not waive any of its claims or rights. Nexraid will pay Supplier within 60 days from the date of dispute resolution.

### Late Invoices
Nexraid is not obligated to pay any invoice received 120 days or more after the date Supplier was required to invoice Nexraid under this Agreement or an applicable SOW. This does not apply to
1. amounts paid after a dispute,
2. rejected invoices that are first received timely and then corrected,
3. invoices delayed due to Nexraid's actions or omissions, or
4. delays the parties have agreed to in writing.

### Taxes
1. Except as otherwise provided below, the amounts to be paid by Nexraid to Supplier do not include taxes. Nexraid is not liable for any taxes Supplier is legally obligated to pay, including net income or gross receipts taxes, franchise taxes, and property taxes. Nexraid will pay Supplier sales, use, or value added taxes it owes due to this Agreement that the law requires Supplier to collect from Nexraid. If Nexraid provides Supplier a valid exemption certificate, Supplier will not collect the taxes covered by such certificate. Supplier will indemnify and hold Nexraid harmless from any claims, costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees) and liabilities that relate to Supplier's taxes.
2. If the law requires Nexraid to withhold taxes from payments to Supplier, Nexraid may withhold those taxes and pay them to the appropriate taxing authority. Nexraid will deliver to Supplier an official receipt for such taxes. Nexraid will use reasonable efforts to minimize taxes withheld to the extent allowed by law.
3. Despite any other provision of this Agreement, this section governs the treatment of all taxes related to this Agreement.

## Term and Termination
### Term
This Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue for the term on the first page of this Agreement ("Term") unless it is 
1. terminated earlier according to its terms, or
2. extended by a written and signed amendment.

### Termination for Convenience
Without prejudice to any other remedies, Nexraid may terminate this Agreement, any Source Code License Form subject to this Agreement, or any SOW at any time without cause by giving 30 days written notice. If Nexraid terminates for convenience, its only obligation is to pay for
1. Services or Deliverables it accepts before the effective date of termination, and
2. Services performed where Nexraid retains the benefit after the effective date of termination.

### Termination for Cause
1. Either party may terminate this Agreement, any Source Code License Form subject to this Agreement, or any SOW on the other party's material breach of this Agreement or a SOW. The non-breaching party must give 30 calendar days written notice and the opportunity to cure its breach. Either party may immediately terminate this Agreement on written notice of a breach of Section 6 (Confidentiality, privacy and data protection, and publicity).
2. Nexraid may terminate this Agreement, any Source Code License Form subject to this Agreement, or any SOW effective immediately upon written notice if Supplier breaches Sections 2(a) (SOW), 2(d) (Acceptance of Deliverables) through 2(g) (Supplier equipment and technology), 3 (Ownership and use of the parties' respective IP), 7 (Representations and warranties), 10 (Insurance), or 12(d) (Assignment) or if Supplier sells a substantial part of Supplier's assets to a third party.

### Effect of Termination
Subject to Section 6(b)(2)(vii) with respect to Personal Data, each party will return (or if requested by the disclosing party, destroy) Confidential Information and property of the other within 10 calendar days of the effective date of termination of this Agreement or any SOW unless otherwise instructed. Supplier will deliver to Nexraid any affected Deliverables in progress and all related data and materials. Supplier will assist Nexraid with a post-termination transition at Nexraid's request. Supplier's assistance will not exceed 60 calendar days. Nexraid will pay Supplier for its assistance at a rate no greater than the rate set forth in any SOW for comparable services.

### Survival
The provisions of this Agreement which by their terms require performance after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, or have application to events that may occur after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, will survive such termination or expiration. All indemnity obligations and indemnification procedures will survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.


## Confidentiality, Privacy and Data Protection, and Publicity
### Confidentiality
1. Information shared under this Agreement is confidential information subject to the nondisclosure agreement ("NDA") between the parties. Section 6(a)(2) applies if information related to Services was shared before execution of the NDA, no NDA exists, or the NDA terminates or ceases to be in effect.
2. During the Term plus 5 years, the parties will hold in strictest confidence and not use or disclose to any third party any Confidential Information of the other party. "Confidential Information" means all non-public information a party designates in writing or orally as being confidential, or which under the circumstances of disclosure ought to be treated as confidential. Confidential Information includes information relating to
      1. a party's released or unreleased software or hardware products,
      2. a party's source code,
      3. a party's product marketing or promotion,
      4. a party's business policies or practices,
      5. a party's customers or suppliers,
      6. information received from others that a party must treat as confidential,
      7. this Agreement's existence and terms, and
      8. information provided by a party under this Agreement or obtained or created by Supplier while providing Services, including
            * information in reports provided to Nexraid,
            * the parties' electronic or written correspondence,
            * Nexraid customer lists and customer information, regardless of source,
            * Personal Data, and
            * Transactional, sales, and marketing information related to Services.
3. A party will consult with the other if it questions what comprises Confidential Information. Confidential Information excludes information known to a party before the disclosing party's disclosure to the receiving party, or information publicly available through no fault of the receiving party.
4. Supplier will employ security procedures to prevent disclosure of Nexraid Confidential Information to unauthorized third parties. Supplier's security procedures must include risk assessment and controls for
      1. system access,
      2. system and application development and maintenance,
      3. change management,
      4. asset classification and control,
      5. incident response, physical and environmental security,
      6. disaster recovery/business continuity, and
      7. employee training.

### Privacy and Data Protection
1. Without limiting Supplier's obligations under SECTION 2(g)(3), Supplier, in its capacity as a Data Processor or sub-processor of Personal Data, will
      1. Process the Personal Data only on documented instructions from Nexraid, including with regard to transfers of Personal Data to a third country or an international organization, unless required to do so by European Union or Member State law to which Supplier is subject. In such case, Supplier will inform Nexraid of that legal requirement before processing, unless that law prohibits such information on important grounds of public interest,
      2. ensure that persons authorized to Process the Personal Data have committed themselves to confidentiality or are under an appropriate statutory obligation of confidentiality,
      3. take all measures required in accordance with good industry practice and by Data Protection Law relating to data security (including pursuant to Article 32 of the GDPR),
      4. not-engage another party to Process the Personal Data unless approved by Nexraid in accordance with SECTION 2(h) of this Agreement,
      5. taking into account the nature of the Processing, assist Nexraid by appropriate technical and organizational measures, insofar as this is possible, for the fulfilment of Nexraid's obligation to respond to requests for exercising the Data Subject's rights laid down in Data Protection Law (including Chapter III of the GDPR),
      6. assist Nexraid in ensuring compliance with data security, Personal Data Breach, data protection impact assessments, and engaging in other consultations, pursuant to Data Protection Law (including Articles 32 to 36 of the GDPR taking into account the nature of processing and the information available to Supplier),
      7. at the choice of Nexraid, without undue delay delete or return all the Personal Data to Nexraid after the end of the provision of Services relating to Processing, and delete existing copies unless European Union or Member State law requires storage of Personal Data,
      8. without limiting Nexraid's rights under Section 11, make available to Nexraid all information necessary to demonstrate compliance with Data Protection Law (including the obligations laid down in Article 28 of the GDPR) and allow for and contribute to audits, including inspections, conducted by Nexraid or another auditor mandated by Nexraid; and
      9. immediately inform Nexraid if, in its opinion, an instruction infringes Data Protection Law.
2. The subject matter of the Processing, including the Processing operations carried out by Supplier on behalf of Nexraid and Nexraid's Processing instructions for Supplier, will be described in a SOW, which forms an integral part of this Agreement.
3. Supplier will notify Nexraid promptly upon becoming aware of a Data Breach.
4. Where Nexraid faces an actual or potential claim arising out of or related to violation of any Data Protection Law (e.g., Article 82 of the GDPR) concerning the Services, Supplier will promptly provide all materials and information requested by Nexraid that is relevant to the defense of such claim and the underlying circumstances concerning the claim.

### Publicity
Supplier will not issue press releases or other publicity related to Supplier's relationship with Nexraid or this Agreement without prior written approval from the Nexraid representative executing this Agreement.

## Representations and Warranties
Supplier continuously represents and warrants
1. it has full rights and authority to enter into, perform under, and grant the rights in, this Agreement,
2. its performance will not violate any agreement or obligation between it and any third party,
3. Deliverables and Supplier IP or third-party IP provided to Nexraid under this Agreement
      1. are not governed, in whole or in part, by an Excluded License, and
      2. will not be subject to license terms requiring Nexraid products, services, or documentation incorporating or derived from such Deliverables, Supplier IP, or thirdparty IP, or Nexraid IP, to be licensed or shared with any third party,
4. Services will be performed professionally and be of high grade, nature, and quality,
5. Services, Deliverables, and Supplier IP or third-party IP provided to Nexraid under this Agreement will not
      1. to the best of Supplier's knowledge, infringe any third party patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary right, or
      2. contain viruses or other malicious code that will degrade or infect any Deliverables, products, services, software, or Nexraid's network or systems, and
6. Supplier will comply with all applicable laws, including Data Protection Law and Anti-Corruption Laws.
7. Except as set forth in this section 7 (representations and warranties), services are provided as-is. To the maximum extent permitted by law, supplier disclaims any and all other warranties, whether express or implied, including implied warranties of merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose, whether arising by a course of dealing, usage or trade practice or course of performance.

## Indemnification and Other Remedies
### Indemnification by Supplier
Supplier will defend, indemnify, and hold Nexraid, its Affiliates, and their respective successors, directors, officers, employees, and agents (each a "Nexraid Indemnified Party") harmless from and against all Claims to the extent such Claims arise out of or relate to
1. Supplier's or its Subcontractors' breach of Sections 7(a) or 7(b),
2. Supplier's or its Subcontractors' negligent or willful acts or omissions resulting in bodily injury or death to any person or loss, disappearance, or damage to tangible or intangible property,
3. Supplier's or its Subcontractors' infringement, misuse, or misappropriation of third-party IP rights or Nexraid IP,
4. Supplier's or its Subcontractors' breach of any confidentiality, privacy, data protection or publicity obligations under this Agreement, including Section 6 (Confidentiality, privacy and data protection, and publicity),
5. Supplier's or its Subcontractors' non-compliance with applicable laws, rules, or regulations, or
6. actions by Supplier personnel against Nexraid for wages, fringe benefits, other compensation, or similar claims, and claims challenging Supplier's right to dismiss its personnel.

Supplier will not be liable under this Section 8(a) (Indemnification by Supplier) to the comparative extent that Claims result from 
1. a Nexraid Indemnified Party's negligent or willful acts, or
2. Supplier's strict compliance with Nexraid's express instructions that could not be reasonably performed in a non-infringing manner.

### Indemnification by Nexraid
Nexraid will defend, indemnify, and hold Supplier, its Affiliates, and their respective successors, directors, officers, employees, and agents (each a "Supplier Indemnified Party") harmless from and against all Claims to the extent that such Claims arise out of or relate to
1. Nexraid's negligent or willful acts or omissions resulting in bodily injury or death to any person or loss, disappearance, or damage to tangible or intangible property, or
2. Nexraid's non-compliance with applicable laws, rules, or regulations.

Nexraid will not be liable under this Section 8(b) (Indemnification by Nexraid) to the comparative extent that Claims result from the a Supplier Indemnified Party's negligent or willful acts.

### Indemnification Procedures
The indemnified party will
1. provide the indemnifying party with reasonably prompt notice of Claims,
2. permit the indemnifying party through mutually acceptable counsel to answer and defend Claims, and
3. provide the indemnifying party with reasonable information and assistance to help the indemnifying party defend Claims at the indemnifying party's expense.

> An indemnified party may employ separate counsel and participate in the defense of a Claim at its own expense.

### Acknowledgment of Fault and Settling Claims
Neither party will stipulate, admit, or acknowledge fault or liability by the other without their prior written consent. The indemnifying party will not settle any Claim or publicize any settlement without the other party's prior written consent.

### Industrial Insurance Immunity
Supplier waives immunity under industrial insurance laws such as Title 51 of the Revised Code of the State of Washington, U.S., except to the extent prohibited by law and solely regarding bodily injury or death Claims.

## Other Remedies
In addition to all other remedies available to Nexraid,
1. if use of Services or Deliverables under this Agreement is enjoined or injunction is threatened, Supplier, at its expense, will notify Nexraid and immediately
      1. procure for Nexraid the right to continue using such Services and Deliverables, or
      2. replace or modify such Services and Deliverables so that they are noninfringing and useable to Nexraid's satisfaction.
2. If Supplier does not comply with this Section 8(f)(1), then in addition to any amounts reimbursed under this Section 8 (Indemnification and other remedies), Supplier will refund all amounts paid by Nexraid for infringing Services and Deliverables and pay reasonable costs to transition Services to a new supplier.
3. Supplier will also pay Nexraid the fair market value of Nexraid Materials or property if Supplier misappropriates or fails to return such items according to this Agreement.


## Limitations of Liability
1. As permitted by applicable law and subject to section 9(b) below, neither party will be liable to the other for any consequential, special, exemplary, or punitive damages (including damages for loss of data, revenue, or profits), whether foreseeable or unforeseeable, arising out of this agreement regardless of whether the liability is based on breach of contract, tort, strict liability, breach of warranties, or otherwise, and even if the party has been advised of the possibility of those damages. Additionally, neither party's total aggregate liability to the other party will exceed the greater of
      1. $2,000,000 us or the equivalent in local currency, or
      2. The actual fees paid by nexraid in the 12-month period prior to the date the claim arose.
2. The limitations on liability in section 9(a) do not apply to liability arising from
      1. A party's duty to indemnify the other under this agreement,
      2. A breach of a party's confidentiality, privacy, data protection, and publicity obligations under this agreement,
      3. Infringement, misuse, or misappropriation of ip rights, or
      4. Fraud.

## Insurance
### General
Supplier will maintain sufficient insurance coverage to meet obligations required by this Agreement and by law. Supplier's insurance must include the following coverage (or the local currency equivalent) to the extent the Agreement creates risks generally covered by these insurance policies:
1. Commercial General Liability (occurrence form) including contractual and product liability with limits of at least US$2,000,000 per occurrence;
2. Automobile liability with limits of at least US$2,000,000 per occurrence;
3. Privacy and cybersecurity liability (including costs arising from data destruction, hacking or intentional breaches, crisis management activity related to data breaches, and legal claims for security breach, privacy violations, and notification costs) of at least US$2,000,000 per occurrence;
4. Workers' compensation satisfying all statutory limits; and
5. Employer's liability with limits of at least US$500,000 per occurrence.

Supplier will name Nexraid, its subsidiaries, and their respective directors, officers, and employees as additional insureds in the Commercial General Liability policy for contractual liability assumed by Supplier in Section 8 (Indemnification and other remedies).

### Professional Liability / Errors and Omissions Liability
Supplier will purchase and maintain professional liability/errors and omissions insurance if Services create exposures generally covered by such a policy. The policy will
1. have limits of at least US$2,000,000 per claim (or the local currency equivalent),
2. cover infringement of third party proprietary rights (e.g., copyright, and trademark) if such coverage is reasonably commercially available, and
3. have a retroactive coverage date no later than the applicable SOW's effective date.

Supplier will maintain active policy coverage or an extended reporting period providing coverage for claims first made and reported to the insurance company within 12 months after this Agreement's termination or expiration or fulfillment of a SOW.

### Deductible
Unless agreed to otherwise in writing, Supplier will maintain a deductible or retention of no more than US$100,000 (or the local currency equivalent) per occurrence or accident throughout the Term for all lines of coverage under Sections 10(a) (General) and 10(b) (Professional liability/errors and omissions liability).

### Proof of Coverage
Upon request, Supplier will provide Nexraid with proof of insurance coverage required under this Agreement. Supplier will promptly buy additional coverage, and notify Nexraid in writing, if Nexraid reasonably determines that Supplier's coverage is less than that required to meet its obligations.

## Reports, Records, Audits, and Inspections
### Reports
Reports Supplier provides to Nexraid must be accurate, complete, and timely. Supplier will correct errors or omissions in any report within 5 days after becoming aware of the error or omission.

## Records
For the Term plus 4 years, Supplier will keep usual and proper records and books of account and quality and performance reports related to Services and the Processing of Personal Data ("Supplier Records"). Supplier will maintain additional documentation if directed to do so by Nexraid related to Nexraid's compliance with the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

## Financial Statements
If not publicly available, upon Nexraid's request, Supplier will provide Nexraid with its most recent financial statements. A "financial statement" means a balance sheet as of the last day of the calendar quarter or fiscal year, an income statement, statement of cash flows, and any related notes for the quarter and year-to-date, prepared under GAAP, international financial representation standards, or other generally accepted accounting principles in Supplier's jurisdiction. Supplier must note any departure in the quarterly financial statements from these principles. Supplier's authorized officer will acknowledge the financial statements' completeness and accuracy by signature.

### Audits, Inspections, and Refunds
1. For the Section 11(b) term, Nexraid may audit Supplier Records and inspect Supplier facilities to verify Supplier's compliance with this Agreement, including privacy, security and Nexraid software licensing requirements. Nexraid or a Nexraid-selected independent certified public accountant or consultant will conduct audits and inspections. Nexraid will provide reasonable notice to Supplier before the audit or inspection and will use best efforts to avoid disrupting Supplier's operations, including consolidating audits where practical. Supplier will provide reasonable access to Supplier Records and Nexraid contracts and facilities. Auditors may copy Supplier Records for evidence.
2. Supplier will reimburse Nexraid for overpayments discovered by auditors. If Supplier overcharged Nexraid 5% or more during an audited period it will immediately refund Nexraid all overpayments plus pay interest at 0.5% per month on such overcharge.
3. For audits related to Anti-Corruption Laws, in addition to the obligations above, Supplier will maintain books, documents, records, papers, and other materials related to this Agreement ("Relevant Records"), and internal controls to prevent bribes and assure accurate financial statements and reporting. Supplier will not have undisclosed or unrecorded accounts, or false, misleading, incomplete, inaccurate, or artificial entries in the Relevant Records. Relevant Records and relevant employees will be available to Nexraid or Nexraid-selected independent certified public accountant or consultant. Nexraid may exercise its rights under this provision at any time if it in good faith believes Supplier or its representatives violated this Agreement's Anti-Corruptions Laws obligations. 
4. Nothing in this Section 11(d) limits Nexraid's right to audit Supplier under Section 6(b)(2)(viii).

## Miscellaneous
### Relationship
The parties are independent contractors. Supplier's employees and Subcontractors are not Nexraid employees. Supplier will provide Nexraid with satisfactory proof of independent contractor status upon request. This Agreement does not create an exclusive relationship between the parties and Nexraid does not commit to acquiring any minimum amount of Services from Supplier. There are no third-party beneficiaries under this Agreement unless provided otherwise. 

### Law
1. The laws of the Republic of Singapore govern this Agreement.
2. The parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Superior Court of Republic of Singapore.
3. If either Nexraid or Supplier employs attorneys to enforce any rights arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the prevailing party may recover its reasonable attorneys' fees, costs, and other expenses, including costs and fees incurred on appeal or in a bankruptcy or similar action.

### No Waiver
A party's delay or failure to exercise any right or remedy is not a waiver of that or any other right or remedy.

### Assignment
Supplier will not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, or encumber this Agreement or any right, or delegate any duty or obligation under this Agreement, by assignment or operation of law, without Nexraid's prior written consent. Nexraid will not unreasonably withhold such consent. Supplier will be deemed to have assigned this Agreement if Supplier engages in a change of control transaction. Nexraid may assign this Agreement to any of its Affiliates. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and bind all permitted successors, assigns, receivers, and trustees of each party.

### Force Majeure
Except for business continuity (i.e., disaster recovery) obligations under this Agreement, neither party is liable for failing to perform its obligations under this Agreement due to acts of God, natural disasters, war, civil disturbance, or government action where the cause is beyond the party's reasonable control ("Force Majeure Event"). A Force Majeure Event does not include difficulty in obtaining labour, materials, or transport, or a strike, lock-out, trade dispute, or labour disturbance where Supplier is a direct party. The party affected by a Force Majeure Event will provide written notice to the other party within a commercially reasonable time and use best efforts to resume performance as soon as reasonably possible. If Supplier does not complete Services due to a Force Majeure Event within 3 weeks after the start of the Force Majeure Event, or an alternate date specified in an applicable SOW or this Agreement, whichever is earlier, then
1. Nexraid may choose not to purchase or pay for those Services, and
2. Supplier will promptly refund any pre-paid Fees.

### Severability
If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any Agreement provision is illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.

### Insolvency, Loss of Profits, Damages
1. The insolvency or adjudication of bankruptcy, the filing of a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or the making of an assignment for the benefit of creditors by either party will be a material breach of this Agreement.
2. "Insolvency" means either
      1. the party's liabilities exceed its assets, each fairly stated, or
      2. the party's failure to timely pay its business obligations in the regular course of business.

### Entire Agreement, Precedence, and Amendment
This Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous communications, whether written or oral, regarding the subject matter covered in this Agreement. Any preceding master agreement, listed in an exhibit to this Agreement, if any, previously executed between the parties (each a "Prior Agreement") is terminated, except that any SOWs under the Prior Agreement that have not expired or been terminated will survive according to the terms of the Prior Agreement as if the Prior Agreement were still in effect, provided that the SOWs cannot be extended beyond the current term as of the Effective Date of this Agreement. If there is a conflict between any parts of this Agreement not resolved by its terms, the following order of precedence will apply:
1. This Agreement (including Nexraid Policies referenced herein);
2. A signed SOW, except if this Agreement or the SOW provides that a particular section of the SOW takes precedence over a particular section of this Agreement; and
3. Nexraid purchase order terms and conditions.

> This Agreement may be modified only by a written agreement signed by authorized representatives of both parties. However, Nexraid may unilaterally modify the Policies identified in SECTION 2(g) (Supplier to comply with Nexraid Policies). This Agreement does not replace any separate written license agreement between Nexraid and Supplier, and any conflicts with licensing of Nexraid Materials will be resolved as provided in Section 3(b)(1)(ii).

### Notices
Notices may be given by electronic or physical mail. The person(s) identified on this Agreement's first page will receive notices on behalf of their respective company. A party may change the persons to whom notices will be sent by giving notice to the other.

### Counterparts
The parties may execute this Agreement in any number of counterparts. Each counterpart is an original and all counterparts constitute one agreement binding both parties. Facsimile and electronic signatures will be binding for all purposes.

### Construction
Neither party has entered this Agreement in reliance on any promise, representation, or warranty not contained herein. This Agreement will be interpreted according to its plain meaning without presuming that it should favor either party. Lists of examples following "including," "e.g.," "for example," or the like are interpreted to include "without limitation," unless qualified by words such as "only" or "solely." URLs are understood to also refer to successors, localizations, and information or resources linked from within websites at those URLs.
