---
uuid: bc7f9dc9-ef99-4e7c-87bb-be2ed6a62c24
draft: false
title: "Data Protection Notice for Customer"
path: /Data-Protection/
additional_path:
    - "/Data-Protection/Notice-for-Customer"
    - "/Data-Protection/Statement-for-Job-Customer"
    - "/Data-Protection/Home"
description: "This Notice is to inform you of how Nexraid manage Personal Data of Customer which is subject to the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act 2012."
keywords: 
  - statement
  - notice
  - data-protection
  - agreement
  - customer
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: data-protection
date: 2020-01-05
version_date: 2021-11-01
version_name: 2.0.0
version_changelog: Second version with the latest notice template from Singapore PDPC
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---


# Data Protection Notice for Customer
Last updated: 1 November 2021

This Data Protection Notice (“Notice”) sets out the basis upon which Nexraid Consulting Pte Ltd (“we”, “us”, or “our”) may collect, use, disclose or otherwise process personal data of our customers in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act (“PDPA”). This Notice applies to personal data in our possession or under our control, including personal data in the possession of organisations which we have engaged to collect, use, disclose or process personal data for our purposes.


## Personal Data
1. As used in this Notice,
   1. “customer” means an individual who
      1. has contacted us through any means to find out more about any goods or services we provide, or
      2. may, or has, entered into a contract with us for the supply of any goods or services by us; and
   2. “personal data” means data, whether true or not, about a customer who can be identified:
      1. from that data; or
      2. from that data and other information to which we have or are likely to have access.
2. Depending on the nature of your interaction with us, some examples of personal data which we may collect from you include, without limitation:
   1. Name or alias, gender, marital status;
   2. Identification numbers such as National Registration Identity Card (NRIC), Foreign Identification Number (FIN), work permit and birth certificate number;
   3. Residential address, mailing address, telephone numbers, email address and other contact details;
   4. Date of birth, nationality, and country and city of birth;
   5. Employment information such as work and training history;
   6. Financial information such as salary and bank account details;
   7. Details of your next-of-kin, spouse and other family members;
   8. Work-related health issues and disabilities;
   9. Records on leave of absence from work;
   10. Photographs and other audio-visual information;
   11. Performance assessments and disciplinary records; and
   12. Any additional information provided to us by you prior to our official engagement.
3. Other terms used in this Notice shall have the meanings given to them in the PDPA (where the context so permits).


## Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Data
1. We generally do not collect your personal data unless
   1. it is provided to us voluntarily by you directly or via a third party who has been duly authorised by you to disclose your personal data to us (your “authorised representative”) after
      1. you (or your authorised representative) have been notified of the purposes for which the data is collected, and
      2. you (or your authorised representative) have provided written consent to the collection and usage of your personal data for those purposes, or
   2. collection and use of personal data without consent is permitted or required by the PDPA or other laws. We shall seek your consent before collecting any additional personal data and before using your personal data for a purpose which has not been notified to you (except where permitted or authorised by law).
2. We may collect and use your personal data for any or all of the following purposes:
   1. performing obligations in the course of or in connection with our provision of the goods and/or services requested by you;
   2. verifying your identity;
   3. responding to, handling, and processing queries, requests, applications, complaints, and feedback from you;
   4. managing your relationship with us;
   5. processing payment or credit transactions;
   6. facilitating our compliance with any applicable laws, regulations, codes of practice, guidelines, or rules, or to assist in law enforcement and investigations conducted by any governmental and/or regulatory authority;
   7. any other purposes for which you have provided the information;
   8. transmitting to any unaffiliated third parties including our third party service providers and agents, and relevant governmental and/or regulatory authorities, whether in Singapore or abroad, for the aforementioned purposes; and
   9. any other incidental business purposes related to or in connection with the above.
3. We may disclose your personal data:
   1. where such disclosure is required for performing obligations in the course of or in connection with our provision of the goods and services requested by you; or
   2. to third party service providers, agents and other organisations we have engaged to perform any of the functions with reference to the above mentioned purposes.
4. The purposes listed in the above clauses may continue to apply even in situations where your relationship with us (for example, pursuant to a contract) has been terminated or altered in any way, for a reasonable period thereafter (including, where applicable, a period to enable us to enforce our rights under any contract with you).


## Deemed Consent by Notification
1. We may collect or use your personal data, or disclose existing personal data for secondary purposes that differ from the primary purpose which it had originally collected for pursuant to clauses stated in "Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Data". If Nexraid Consulting Pte Ltd intends to rely on deemed consent by notification for such secondary purposes, Nexraid Consulting Pte Ltd will notify you of the proposed collection, use or disclosure of his personal data through appropriate mode(s) of communication.
2. In particular, we may rely on deemed consent by notification to collect, use or disclose your personal data for the following purposes:
   1. To verify your identity and materials provided
   2. To conduct security clearance for high security or sensitive projects
3. Before relying on deemed consent by notification, Nexraid Consulting Pte Ltd will assess and determine that the collection, use and disclosure of the personal data will not likely have an adverse effect on you.
4. You will be given a reasonable period to inform us if you wish to opt-out of the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data for such purposes.
5. After the lapse of the opt-out period, you may notify us that you no longer wish to consent to the purposes for which your consent was deemed by notification by withdrawing your consent for the collection, use or disclosure of your personal data in relation to those purposes.


## Reliance On The Legitimate Interests Exception
[@include Reliance On The Legitimate Interests Exception](Reliance-On-The-Legitimate-Interests-Exception.md)


## Withdrawing Your Consent
1. The consent that you provide for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data will remain valid until such time it is being withdrawn by you in writing. You may withdraw consent and request us to stop collecting, using and/or disclosing your personal data for any or all of the purposes listed above by submitting your request in writing or via email to our Data Protection Officer at the contact details provided below.
2. Upon receipt of your written request to withdraw your consent, we may require reasonable time (depending on the complexity of the request and its impact on our relationship with you) for your request to be processed and for us to notify you of the consequences of us acceding to the same, including any legal consequences which may affect your rights and liabilities to us. In general, we shall seek to process and effect your request within **fifteen (15) business days** of receiving it. 
3. Whilst we respect your decision to withdraw your consent, please note that depending on the nature and extent of your request, we may not be in a position to continue providing our goods or services to you and we shall, in such circumstances, notify you before completing the processing of your request. Should you decide to cancel your withdrawal of consent, please inform us in writing or via email to our Data Protection Officer at the contact details provided below.
4. Please note that withdrawing consent does not affect our right to continue to collect, use and disclose personal data where such collection, use and disclose without consent is permitted or required under applicable laws.


## Access To and Correction of Personal Data
[@include Access To and Correction of Personal Data](Access-To-and-Correction-of-Personal-Data.md)


## Protection of Personal Data
[@include Protection of Personal Data](Protection-of-Personal-Data.md)


## Accuracy of Personal Data
[@include Accuracy of Personal Data](Accuracy-of-Personal-Data.md)


## Retention of Personal Data
[@include Retention of Personal Data](Retention-of-Personal-Data.md)


## Transfers of Personal Data Outside of Singapore
[@include Transfers of Personal Data Outside of Singapore](Transfers-of-Personal-Data-Outside-of-Singapore.md)


## Contacting Data Protection Officer
[@include Contacting Data Protection Officer](Contacting-Data-Protection-Officer.md)


## Effect of Notice and Changes to Notice
1. This Notice applies in conjunction with any other policies, notices, contractual clauses and consent clauses that apply in relation to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data by us.
2. We may revise this Notice from time to time without any prior Notice. You may determine if any such revision has taken place by referring to the date on which this Notice was last updated. Your continued use of our services constitute your acknowledgement and acceptance of such changes.