---
uuid: 6d69f170-066a-416d-b67d-0bd92e6ad3e4
draft: false
title: "ISP07 - Disposal of Information Media and Equipment Policy"
path: /ISP/ISP07-Disposal-of-Information-Media-and-Equipment-Policy
additional_path:
    - "/ISP/ISP07"
    - "/ISP/Disposal-of-Information-Media-and-Equipment-Policy"
    - "/Information-Security/Disposal-of-Information-Media-and-Equipment-Policy"
description: "This policy outlines the Disposal of Information Media & Equipment Policy for Nexraid's information system."
keywords: 
  - disposal
  - media
  - equipment
  - information
  - security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - ISP07
  - guideline
  - Nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
  - iso27001
  - iso27701
sidebar: isp
date: 2021-11-01
version_date: 2022-08-01
version_name: 2.0.0
version_changelog: Merge our original policy with the version audited by DPTM
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Information Security Policy 07 – Disposal of Information Media and Equipment Policy

## Document Details
* Doc ID: ISP07
* Doc Title: Disposal of Information Media and Equipment Policy
* Revision: 2.0
* Effective Date: 1 August 2022
* Author: Danny Tan
* Approver: Liu Lung Hao


## Introduction
Information residing in Nexraid Consulting, related to the company and its clients, are valuable assets within the organization. Information loss or being compromised poses a serious risk of monetary and reputation effect for the company. It is vital that the company not only retains its information in an effective and secure manner but also manages disposal of such information when not in use. Poor management of disposal can lead to similar consequences to the company in the areas of financial and reputation loss. 

## Scope
This policy applies to all Nexraid Consulting employees.

## Disposal Procedures for various types of media

### Paper
Paper to be shredded which contains sensitive information shall managed securely and disposal of such paper document to use a paper shredder and/or utilize a bonded recycling company to perform the activity.

### Personal Digital Assistant (PDA)
Remove any removable storage media and restore the device to its original factory default settings.

### Cloud Application
Delete any data belonging to or created by the company from all storage media stored within the Cloud service. Ensure all connections to any company data or systems is removed before releasing control of the Cloud application back to the service provider. For data minimisation, information, temporary files and documents provided by PII customer to be erased within 30 days.

### Telephone (including Tablet, Mobile, Smartphone)
Delete the voicemail box, including all messages. Reset the device to the original factory settings. If removable media is present, erase the media, retain or destroy the media.

### Server, Mobile Workstation, Personnel Workstation
Remove all hard drives, unless hard drives are a part of the disposal or transfer of ownership. Use destruction/recycling processes or re-use the hard drive in a company owned server. If the hard drives must be returned, use hard drive erasing utilities to erase all data.

### Scanner, Photocopier
Reset machine to original factory default settings.

### Removable Media
Hand-over to disposal vendor. Shredding disk platters, grinding the surfaces off of CD/DVD, etc or cracking/cutting the media. Bonded recycling companies can be employed for the service of destroying such media and such company must show evidential proof of recycling processes.