---
uuid: ab5d2fe3-b120-403d-8991-9b30207df5a7
draft: false
title: "Capacity Management Policy"
path: /Information-Security/Capacity-Management-Policy
description: "This policy outlines the Capacity Management Policy for Nexraid's information system."
keywords: 
  - capacity
  - management
  - capacity-management
  - information
  - security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - Nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
  - iso27001
  - iso27701
sidebar: information-security
date: 2021-11-01
version_date: 2021-11-01
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version after audited by ISO27001
author: danny
manager: lunghao
---

# Capacity Management Policy

## Introduction
The purpose of this policy is to define the principles and requirements for managing IT System operations to minimize the risk of system failure and to ensure that system capacity demands are monitored, and projections of future capacity requirements made to enable adequate processing power and storage to be made available.

## Scope
1. Capacity planning process should encompass, for both operational and development environments:
   1. Hardware - file servers, LANs, WANs, bridges, routers, etc.
   2. Software - operating system, network, corporate developed and purchased packages


## Procedures
1. Capacity planning initiates ongoing improvements to IT service capacity and performance, by delivering recommendations, management information plans and reports, based on analysis, monitoring and control of IT services.
2. Capacity management process focuses on the appropriate capacity or performance levels of new technologies, existing applications, underlying system software and hardware, supporting tools, and associated documentation. Insufficient or degraded capacity can severely impact the availability of a service.
3. Planning, decision criteria, and successful implementation of a recommended change required for capacity in the IT environment depends on the coordination of many related activities within the organization. Some of which are described in the following:

### Financial Management
Capacity planning creates upgrade planning that are included in the budgeting process. Accurate cost information is vital in order to accurately budget capacity upgrades. Planning for capacity management entails the planning for new hardware and software. These costs should be incorporated into the annual budget. By effectively estimating the cost-of-service availability and optimizing capacity, IT weighs risk versus cost to decide the countermeasures they can afford to implement and those reserved as contingency plan scenarios.

### Service Level Management
Review and preparation of SLAs is a primary activity of service level management. Capacity management also helps define SLAs that result from service level objectives. Capacity planning interacts closely with service level, availability, service continuity, and financial management staffs to decide on the cost justified proactive measures to improve the "quality" of service.

### Availability Management
Availability management ensures optimal availability of IT services with the correct use of resources, methods, and technology. Capacity planning has a very close tie to this process, since optimal use of IT resources to meet performance levels at a justifiable cost relates to the goal of higher service availability. Shared reports should highlight trends indicating capacity or performance issues.

### Service Continuity Management
Service continuity management copes with, and recovers from, unplanned situations in which the period of IT service disruption is considered unacceptable and normal availability countermeasures have not succeeded. There is a difference in scope of affect and the unacceptable nature of the disruption. Availability management deals more practically with what IT can effectively deal with as part of its routine operation, but principles, approach, and concerns are similar. Both processes depend on capacity planning input to judge the level of performance when the countermeasures are enacted.

### Storage Management
Storage management covers the day-to-day activities required to effectively operate and maintain storage management an IT environment. Data backup, restore, and recovery operations are addressed.

### Network Administration
Capacity planning draws on network usage, bandwidth, etc as input to provide demand management information and proactive recommendations. One of the functions of network administration is the process of providing tools that monitor network service usage that helps to quantify IT service capacity and availability. Proper workload and demand management of network bandwidth as activities in capacity management rely on best practice network administration activities.


## Capacity Planning Tasks

### Monitoring
1. Monitoring is a key activity involving the improving of daily system performance and the planning for future capacity requirements. It is important that the utilization of each resource and service is monitored on an on-going basis to ensure the optimum use of the hardware and software resources and that all agreed service levels can be achieved.
2. Data that are typically collected include:
   1. CPU and GPU Utilization
   2. Memory Utilization
   3. Disk Utilization, Response Time
   4. Network Utilization, Latency, Packet Loss, Link Speed
   5. Storage Utilization
   6. Device Temperature
3. Part of the monitoring activity involves establishing a baseline, or profile, of the normal operating levels. For example, the capacity manager should develop a profile for each job in order to assess performance problems and how changes to the job affect resource usage, and so on. If thresholds beyond the norm are exceeded, alarms are raised, and warnings are recorded in the error log.

### Analyse
1. Data monitored and collected is analysed and used to carry out system tuning. Before tuning can begin, proper analysis must be conducted to ensure that the components being adjusted are in fact the items causing the problem. The data collected from the monitoring activity should be analysed to identify trends from which the normal utilization and service level, or baseline, can be established. By regularly monitoring and comparing with the baseline, exception conditions in the utilization of individual components or service thresholds can be defined, and breaches or near misses in the SLAs can be reported and appropriate action taken. Analysis of the data should be conducted following each job runs and may identify such issues as:
   1. Contention (data, file, memory, processor)
   2. Inappropriate distribution of workload across available resources
   3. Inefficiencies in the application (batch script) design
   4. Inefficient use of memory
2. Before making tuning adjustments, the capacity manager must have a complete picture of how all system users will be affected by system architecture optimization techniques. All data collected shall be reviewed at least annually.

### Tuning
1. Tuning for performance is the optimization of system resources to achieve acceptable transaction response times under maximum load conditions. The analysis of the monitored data may identify areas of the system architecture or applications that can be tuned to better utilize the system resources and improve performance.
2. Once the performance affects have been assessed, the capacity manager can take steps to mitigate adverse effects to system performance. Primarily four areas that can be tuned:
   1. Adjust the schedule of jobs
      * The order of jobs can be adjusted to minimize the impact of changing the batch run or to improve the performance of the run.
   2. Segment the batch into smaller batches
      * Divide the job into segments that can be run at any time during the batch window. This segmentation gives the capacity manager more flexibility when setting up and prioritizing the job schedule. Restarting jobs is also easier and less time consuming, as the entire job does not have to be rerun
   3. Split the batch into two or more segments that run in parallel
      * This is only possible if transactions are not dependent on multiple records in the database (if they are, they must be segmented in such a way as to eliminate a dependency conflict).
   4. Change the job priority or job schedule
      * Based on the batch run metrics, the capacity manager should determine the optimal scheduling of batch jobs. For instance, it might be better to run two extremely large jobs back-to-back instead of in parallel. The order of job execution affects resource usage; the optimal schedule can be determined by analysing each job profile and assessing resource availability:
         5. Tune at the application (script) level
            * Examine the job script to determine if it can be altered to more efficiently manage the batch job.
         6. Tune at the database level
            * Databases can be indexed so that scripts are able to find information more quickly. The capacity manager must observe the queries that are run against the database, determine what data is accessed most often, and index the database so that the script can quickly locate the applicable data.
         7. Tune at the hardware level
            * This involves adding more computing power to the architecture:
               * An additional processor can be added to a server.
               * Upgrading storage media to a faster medium.
               * An additional server can be permanently added to the architecture.
         8. Tune at the architecture level
            * Redesign the solution architecture and introduce hybrid cloud option or other modular and scalable component so upgrade can be done at component level based on monitoring.
3. Servers can be load-balanced to distribute the transactions more efficiently. The capacity manager can assign some of the batch jobs to servers that are not technically part of the batch architecture to temporarily distribute the load and increase performance.
4. Each of these tuning options can be useful in improving batch-processing performance. However, the capacity manager must understand how tuning decisions will affect other parts of the IT environment before implementing these changes.

## Implementation
1. After analysing system metrics and error logs, if the capacity manager determines that a change needs to be made to the system architecture, a CR must be submitted to change management. Change management ensures that only authorized changes are made to the IT environment and that changes are implemented with a minimum impact to that environment.

2. When submitting a CR, the capacity manager should provide information concerning the impact(s) of implementing the change in the IT environment. This information should be obtained by testing the new components (for example, batch jobs) and assessing the impact they have on the existing architecture. Providing a complete impact analysis when submitting the CR helps to speed the change review process.

## Event Management
1. Event management is the monitoring of system process successes and failures. This section focuses on what actions should be taken when batch-processing errors occur. Event monitoring verifies that production systems are continually functioning in accordance with defined service levels.
2. The event management activity should be highly automated. Depending on the system capabilities, either the scheduling tool or, if the tool has limited functionality, the application script, should perform the following tasks:
Recognise that a failure event occurred.
Log the failed event.
Submit an error that the job failed.
Automatically correct the failure or adjust the batch schedule.

## Alerts
1. An alert is typically an audible or visual notification that meets certain error condition (indicating a failed/faulty system) or warning (indicating that a threshold has been exceeded). The capacity manager should respond to error and warning alerts in a timely fashion to ensure proper system operation.
2. Warnings are an indication that thresholds are being exceeded and capacity manager response may be required to prevent a system failure. Threshold warnings may be received for:
   1. CPU and GPU Utilization
   2. Memory Utilization
   3. Disk Utilization, Response Time
   4. Application Response Time
   5. Network Utilization, Latency, Packet Loss, Link Speed
   6. Storage Utilization
   7. Device Temperature
   8. Errors signal that a system process was not completely executed or not up to expectation.

## Auditing
1. System audits should be conducted on a yearly basis. The goal of the audit should be to ensure that the batch architecture is operating as intended. The capacity manager should examine the data that is being collected during each batch run and assess if more or less information is required to perform daily tasks. Note that some information, such as financial reports, must be kept for a much longer period than less critical information.

## Capacity Manager Log Entry
1. Capacity manager should maintain a capacity manager log to manually record all actions that are performed on a quarterly basis (where applicable). Tasks that should be annotated in this log include, but are by no means limited to:
   1. Changes to batch runs (what changes were made and why)
   2. Starting or stopping batch runs
   3. Changes to batch jobs, including job scripts, schedule, priority, and so on
   4. The acknowledgment of errors and warnings
   5. The cause of errors and warnings and the steps taken to correct errors
   6. The escalation of errors and warnings
   7. The submission of CRs
   8. The implementation of changes/backing out of changes/implementation results
2. When making entries to this log, also include the name of the individual performing the task.

## Error Report
1. This report should be printed and reviewed following the recording of an error. The information in this report should assist the capacity manager in determining the cause of the error. The information is read from the error log.


## Performance Report
1. This report should contain information about the performance of the batch run execution. Specific information about each job should be reported including:
   1. CPU and GPU Utilization
   2. Memory Utilization
   3. Disk Utilization, Response Time
   4. Application Response Time
   5. Network Utilization, Latency, Packet Loss, Link Speed
   6. Storage Utilization
   7. Device Temperature
   8. Job Duration Time
2. Information in this report should help the capacity manager to optimize system performance and identify performance degradation trends. Capacity planning also uses this report to plan future capacity requirements for the batch architecture.