---
uuid: 0435b51b-6e8d-4e6a-8631-5760b9b10294
draft: false
title: "Data Retention and Archive Policy"
path: /Data-Retention/Data-Retention-and-Archive-Policy
description: "This policy introduces data retention and archival practices to ensure uniformity in the manner in which every function addresses record management as well as to ensure adequate compliance with all applicable regulations."
keywords:
  - data-retention
  - data
  - retention
  - archive
  - policy
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: data-retention
date: 2020-01-09
version_date: 2020-01-09
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: kiathan
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Data Retention and Archive Policy
## Introduction 
Corporate systems, databases, electronic records and hard copy files contain information which is an invaluable business asset. Having accurate and relevant information is vital to the efficient management of the company which needs to balance its statutory obligations and the desire to be open and responsive with the duty to safeguard the confidentiality of business sensitive records.

The company will create and manage all records efficiently, making them accessible to authorised personnel when required for business purposes whilst protecting them from unauthorised access.

In addition to business operational use, information records serve as evidence of business activities, contracts and communications; some of the data retention periods result from statutory compliance, legal requirements, industry regulations or business mandates.

Data retention requirements govern the storage of information, records, and data; the specific periods, for which they must be retained, the media storage format used to store specific data types; and recognised disposal methodologies to be applied once the retention period expires.


## Scope of Document
This policy applies to all information assets owned by NexRaid whereby information is held electronically or where the same data is held in hard copy format. The policy applies to all temporary and permanent copies, including back-up and archive copies, of information to a level that is consistent with the classification and risks associated with that information. Items that constitute records include, but are not limited to:
* Documents (including hand-written, typed, and annotated copies)
* Paper based files
* Computer files (including word processed documents, databases, spreadsheets and presentations, backup and archive storage media)
* Maps and plans
* Electronic mail messages (email)
* Web pages (on either the intranet and Internet)
* Faxes
* Brochures and reports
* Forms
* Audio and video tapes including CCTV and voicemail / voice recording systems.

## Definition of Document
Please refer to [Definition and Abbreviation](https://docs.nexraid.com/Definition-and-Abbreviation).

## Purpose 
The purposes of this policy are to:
* Define the requirements for the extent, form and duration of information retention and archive;
* Make certain the company is compliant with any retention requirements to meet its legal and regulatory obligations.


## Data Retention
1. Company information, records and data is to be retained and stored in compliance with legal, industry, regulatory and business operational requirements. It is the responsibility of all staff to be aware of these requirements and to manage data within their business jurisdiction appropriately.
2. Customers’ Data are only to be retained for as long as a business justification remains.
3. Appropriate measures are to be applied to protect the privacy and confidentiality of all Personal data throughout its period of retention within the company.
4. Information owners shall define the requirements for data retention and storage based on the information asset being processed and the classification of that data. A retention period must be assigned to information by the information owner.
5. Users shall refer to the current operating procedures for the authorised process of storing data and the legal requirements for the retention of electronic and paper records.
6. Information obtained by or created within corporate systems shall be properly secured to prevent unauthorised viewing/access and is to be archived or destroyed when no longer justified or required to be retained.
7. Information held on portable media, e.g. USB memory sticks, CDs or other portable devices, shall be appropriately destroyed or disposed of when no longer required.
8. Business managers must ensure that appropriate processes and procedures are applied to ensure the regular backup of data, and that backups can be restored when required, irrespective of the period for which they have been retained.
9. Business managers must identify and maintain a current list of the vital records that their department needs to maintain or restore operations in the event of a disaster.
10. Corporate information, which includes but is not limited to financial accounting, tax accounting and legal records, must be securely retained according to a schedule published within the Data Retention Schedule.
11. Application transaction data must be maintained in a protected state until the full backup of all related production master files has been completed.
12. Corporate records must not be destroyed unless officially superseded by a new version, edition, issue, are outdated, or there is no longer a business justification for their retention.
13. Staff must not discard Sensitive/Confidential information in publicly accessible waste disposable bins/bags but must make sure it is destroyed by approved methods.
14. Information not specifically listed in the Document Retention Schedule must be retained only for as long as necessary for business purposes.


## Data Retention Schedule
A document retention schedule shall be established and maintained for each record type to enable staff to determine the following aspects:
1. the governing act or provision (legal, regulatory, business justification to retain data)
2. the description of the record type with examples of records
3. retention period
4. form of retention
5. location of retention
6. destruction requirements

To know more, please refer to [Vital Records and Retention Timeline] (https://docs.nexraid.com/Data-Retention/Vital-Records-and-Retention-Timeline).

## Security and Risk Assessment
1. Irrespective of the storage medium, appropriate procedures and systems must be in place to protect all information from unauthorised access, alteration and destruction.
2. Where access is granted to physical records, procedures for accountability shall be in place to safeguard that records do not go missing.
3. The privacy and confidentiality of information must be appropriately protected against disclosure to unauthorised persons.
4. Information owners must make certain that electronic data is regularly backed-up and that these backups can be restored when required. Backup versions are to be protected at a level consistent with the protection of the original information.
5. Encryption techniques may be used to improve the security and integrity of stored data.


## Storage and Processing of Cardholder Data
1. Storage and processing of cardholder transaction data will be in accordance with the requirements of the current version of the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS).
2. The retention of cardholder data must be reviewed at least quarterly to verify that it is only retained in accordance with documented and justified business reasons and that this has not been exceeded.
3. Cardholder data no longer required to be retained is to be securely disposed of (purged) from all systems and processes where it may have resided. This includes all electronic and hard copy records.
4. No portion of cardholder data shall ever be displayed, unless there is a documented business justification and application of other appropriate controls as defined by the PCI DSS for the whole number to be displayed.
5. Cardholder data stored on any form of removable media (including tape backup) is to be encrypted.
6. The storage of CVV and PIN codes post authorisation is expressly prohibited.
7. Authorisation data is to be rendered unrecoverable


## Storage and Processing of Sensitive / Personal Data
1. The storage and processing of all personal data, including HR records and any / all customer data must comply with the requirements of The Personal Data Protection Act 2012.
2. Personal data is defined as biographical information, i.e. information by which an individual can be identified, including but not limited to: their name, address, date of birth, etc.
3. Sensitive Personal Data includes data that relates to:
   1. Race or ethnic origin
   2. Political opinion
   3. Religious belief
   4. Health matters
   5. Sexual orientation or preferences
   6. Criminal convictions or security measures
   7. Any other information relating to an individual held within corporate personnel files, i.e. salary, grievances, appraisals, etc.
Details and business requirements for processing of Personal (and Sensitive Personal) Data is contained in the Data Protection Policy.

## Storage of CCTV/Video Images
* Where CCTV/video cameras are used to record ingress/egress to premises and sensitive areas (i.e. data centre, server room) the collected data is to be retained for at least three months.
* Refer also to the Physical Security, and Security Logging and Monitoring policies.

## Backup Media
* Backup / removable media is to be retained in a secure off-site storage facility at least 3km from the systems to which they relate. Security controls relating to the physical site and the movement of media between locations are to be reviewed at least annually.
* Refer also to the Mobile Computing Policy. 

## Audit Logs
* Audit logs are to be retained for at least one year, with three months available for immediate analysis.
* Refer to the Security Logging and Monitoring Policy.

## Disposal
1. Procedures for the disposal of information at the end of the retention period must be documented by the relevant business unit.
2. The document retention schedule must specify the appropriate method of disposal for documentation when it is no longer required to be retained.
3. Even if the retention period of a record has expired, a record must not be disposed of without the assurance that it is no longer required, that no work is outstanding and that no litigation or investigation is current or pending where such a record would be required as evidence.
4. An audit trail of the destruction of information must be maintained, and during the destruction process the confidentiality of information must be preserved at all times.
5. Media that has contained business data no longer required for business, legal or regulatory reasons is to be destroyed or sanitised by appropriate means using approved equipment, techniques and processes with a strength and integrity commensurate with the classification of the information that was contained on the media.

## Outsourcing
1. Third-party specialist service providers may be used for document scanning, indexing, data conversion, storage and other services. A contract must be agreed with the service provider that details the nature and extent of the services to be provided. The signed contract must be kept as a record.
2. Third parties that store or process personal information on behalf of the company is required to comply with a Data Processor Agreement contained within the Data Protection Policy.

## Monitoring and Review
1. Internal audit/compliance is responsible for regularly measuring policy compliance.
2. All reviews are to document corrective actions to controls, processes and procedures where appropriate.

## Responsibilities
1. All users must comply with this policy as appropriate to their job role and function.
2. Specific responsibility and accountability for data retention must be assigned to a person with appropriate authority within the company. In certain instances, designations of the responsible individuals may be prescribed by law.
3. Responsibilities include the following:
   1. Senior management are responsible for supporting the application of data retention and archive controls throughout the company; such controls apply to all records both electronic and hard copy;
   2. Systems administrators are responsible for ensuring that all data is accurate, available and legible to staff when required;
   3. All users are responsible and accountable for keeping accurate and complete records of their daily business activities;
   4. Staff must be familiar with the retention periods and procedures that apply in their business areas;
   5. Any breach of this Policy may be dealt with in accordance with the company’s disciplinary procedure or as equivalent for non-employees.
