---
uuid: 0d20b593-1e76-4457-b388-4cf998b971c4
draft: false
title: "System Configuration Standard"
path: /Information-Security/System-Configuration-Standard
description: "This document provide a minimum set of standards for ensuring a stable and secure system configuration can be implemented and maintained throughout Nexraid environment."
keywords: 
  - system
  - configuration
  - standard
  - informationSecurity
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - openSource
sidebar: information-security
date: 2020-01-10
version_date: 2020-01-10
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: kiathan
manager: lunghao
---


# Nexraid System Configuration Standard
## Introduction
The security of Nexraid Consulting Pte Ltd (Nexraid)’s network components and technology infrastructure is of vital operational importance in order to maintain the Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability of business operations thereby preserving the corporate reputation, brand and market credibility, whilst ensuring that only appropriately authorised and approved activities are conducted on those systems.


## Scope of Document
The scope of this standard covers all corporate systems to safeguard and protect the corporate systems to a standard that at the very least complies with the PCI DSS requirements. The systems which are covered by this policy are internal servers used by Nexraid.


## Purpose
The purpose of this document is to provide a minimum set of standards for ensuring a stable and secure system configuration can be implemented and maintained throughout Nexraid environment. This document will outline a set of guidelines and policies which have to be followed to ensure systems meet security parameters.


## Configuration Standards
1. All Nexraid servers are to be configured with in accordance with the relevant Centre for Internet Security (CIS) benchmark for the specific platform prior to deployment into the corporate or production environment.
2. All other configurable settings of the Nexraid solutions and servers shall implement the security best practices.
3. Please refer to System Security Policy and Software Development Policy for more information.


## Vendor Defaults
All vendor supplied accounts are to be changed and any unused accounts removed from the systems completely.


## Primary Function
Each system is to have a single primary function, determined by Distribution server.
 
## Security Parameters
1. Where applicable, the system is to be aligned towards the CIS industry-accepted hardening standard;
2. These standards are to be regularly monitored and improved;


## Insecure Services, Protocols or Daemons
1. System is to contain no insecure services, protocols or daemons. Any use of insecure service is to be mitigated either by re-engineering of a solution or by additional controls which need to be justified and signed off by Senior Management.
2. Docker image is to contain a minimum set of packages required for a stable operation of the operating system. They are to be documented and align with best practices.
3. Manual installation, update or configuration of services or systems is not allowed. Any services, scripts and protocols which are not required by the operating system or Nexraid are not to be included in the docker image.

## Administrator Access
1. Docker images are only to be configured by administrators with acute understanding of system security. Non-administrator users are not to have any access to these systems. Any configuration changes need to go through Nexraid Change Approval Process.
2. Systems management is automated and administrative access is rarely required. Remote administrative access is only possible through virtual console available via distribution server and protected by several layers of multi-factor authentication.


## System Compliance
All systems within PCI environment are to be rebuilt from custom docker image at a frequent basis. This is to ensure that system do not fall out of compliance as they stay online for lengthy periods.


## Encryption Standards
* For Asymmetric ("Public Key") Encryption, use in order of preference:
   1. X25519 (for which the key size never changes) then symmetric encryption.
   2. ECDH with secp256r1 (for which the key size never changes) then symmetric encryption.
   3. RSA with 2048-bit keys.
* For Asymmetric ("Public Key") Signatures, use in order of preference:
   1. Ed25519 (for which the key size never changes).
   2. ECDSA with secp256r1 (for which the key size never changes).
   3. RSA with 2048-bit keys.
* For Symmetric-Key Encryption, use in order of preference:
   1. XChaCha20-Poly1305 or XSalsa20-Poly1305 (which always have 256-bit keys)
   2. AES-GCM-SIV (regardless of key size)
   3. ChaCha20-Poly1305 (which always has 256-bit keys)
   4. AES-GCM (regardless of key size)
* For HTTPS / TLS Cipher suite, use in order of preference:
   1. ECDHE
   2. CHACHA20-POLY1305
   3. AES-GCM
* For SSH, use only Ed25519 keys
