---
uuid: 8400df48-57e6-4e2f-abc1-41479c7420a6
draft: false
title: "Network Management Policy"
path: /Information-Security/Network-Management-Policy
description: "This policy outlines the Network Management Policy Policy for Nexraid's information system."
keywords: 
  - network
  - management
  - information
  - security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - Nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
  - iso27001
  - iso27701
sidebar: information-security
date: 2021-11-01
version_date: 2021-11-01
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version after audited by ISO27001
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---


# Network Management Policy

## Introduction
Nexraid Consulting must balance employees' needs to access information with the organizational obligation and to protect information confidentiality, integrity, and availability. This policy defines the measures to prevent and minimize accidental or intentional security breaches caused by employee during the access of files and information from the information processing systems.

## Scope
This policy applies to all Nexraid Consulting’s employees and IT department is responsible for the network management process in formulating the network architecture, segmentation and various access control means in the network systems.

## Procedures for Network Architecture

### Network Setup
1. Logical layout of the organization’s network shall be documented, maintained, and reviewed yearly. Logical layout can be in the form of a network diagram that includes local and wireless areas.
2. Network traffic flow shall be documented, maintained and kept up to date.
3. Assessment of protocol compatibility to existing network setup should be conducted for new network equipment.
4. All networked computing equipment shall have defined unique identifier (hostname and IP address). An inventory of the hosts’ identifier shall be documented, maintained and reviewed regularly.
5. In areas where Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) is being deployed within the Organization, the DHCP server shall maintain a log of the assigned IP addresses against the respective DHCP clients’ MAC address.


### Network Segmentation
1. Segregation of networks into domains shall be in line with the Access Management Policy and access requirement. Relative cost and performance impact of network routing should also be taken into consideration when designing the criteria.
2. Different network access shall be established between the external world and the company internal network. For internal network, access is by firewall.
3. Access control mechanisms shall be in place to ensure that only authorised network traffic between organization sites are allowed.
4. Organization shall terminate all remote access connection in a separate network segment from the internal network.
5. Wireless Local Area Network (WLAN) for visitors shall be deployed in a network segment segregated from the company internal LAN and WLAN.
6. 6Office and testing network should be segregated. Different projects (inclusive of developmental projects) with unique requirements or sensitive information on production/operations network should be segregated.


### Network Perimeter Defence Infrastructure
1. Appropriate anti-virus gateways applicable for incoming mails, messaging and web traffic shall be installed.


## Procedures for External Network Connectivity
### Third Party Network Connectivity Request
1. All third-party connectivity, regardless customer, business partner or vendor, into organization networks shall be subjected to the Network Management Policy. Organization shall inform their third-parties, business partner and vendors, of their obligations to strictly comply with this Policy, and enforce compliance should any non-compliance be found. Third party will only connect to our guest network.
2. Firewall shall be in place to ensure that only authorised network traffic from business partners is allowed to access the resources.

### Value-Added Network Service Subscription
1. Access to external network services is explicitly forbidden unless appropriately authorised.
2. Service Level Agreement (SLA) arrangements, if applicable, should be in place to maintain the quality of the network service provider.
3. A clear description of security attributes such as the bandwidth, protection level required of the connection, confirmation of delivery and/or receipt, access control of all network services used shall be documented and maintained. Purpose of the service shall also be documented.
4. Changes to the network attributes should be notified by the network service provider and updated by IT department.


## Procedures for Network Access Control
### Usage of Network Services
1. Logical grouping of default network services access shall be defined based on “need-to-use” basis.
2. Authorisation procedures shall be established to administrate the accessibility of the non-default network services.
3. All systems should have their own access control mechanism to prevent unauthorised access.
4. When introducing or removing a network service, controls must be in place to ensure the integrity of network security architecture.


### Equipment Identification in the Network
1. Users are not allowed to modify the terminal’s identity or address to prevent system abuse.
2. Remote networking equipment (e.g., router and bridge) shall be registered prior to granting network access into the environment.
3. Static IP addresses shall be individually registered and maintained.
4. Where system administration accessibility is restricted to selected physical terminals, controls shall be in place to deny access to the non-selected terminals.


## Procedures for Network Operations

### Operational Environment
1. Roles and responsibilities for network management shall be clearly defined and documented to ensure that there is no ambiguity in the activities.
2. All hardware or software changes to the network including installation, upgrade, and configuration shall be subjected to Technical Manager approval.
3. Network access and management shall be restricted to authorised personnel. This includes installation, configuration, monitoring and troubleshooting of network hardware and software.
4. Network engineers should be provided with documented operating procedures to assist them in their regular tasks.
5. Network system software, utilities, and diagnostic tools shall be controlled.


### Network Monitoring and Review
1. Process for monitoring, trending, and capacity planning of network traffic and network devices’ resources shall be defined and performed on a yearly basis. Refer to capacity planning policy for more details.
2. All network information (i.e., configuration, rules, access control, routing tables) shall be protected against unauthorised access, modification, deletion and corruption.
3. Network should be monitored and managed to optimize the service to the business.
4. All network faults shall be reported in accordance to the Technical Manager and Incident Management Team.
