---
uuid: 1b84cccc-06b9-47de-8a56-5bf7818ff4c4
draft: false
title: "Service Credit Rebate"
path: /Support/Service-Level-Agreement/Service-Credit-Rebate
description: "This document states the requirement and process for claiming service credit when Nexraid failed to meet the promised SLA."
keywords: 
  - incident
  - service-credit
  - claim
  - refund
  - rebate
  - requirement
  - process
  - sla
  - agreement
  - support
  - service-level
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: support
date: 2020-01-30
version_date: 2020-01-30
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Service Credit Rebate
Nexraid values great customer service and support. If we do not achieve and maintain the Service Levels for each Service as described in our SLA, then you may be eligible for a credit towards a portion of your monthly or yearly service fees. We will not modify the terms of your SLA during the initial term of your subscription; however, if you renew your subscription, the version of this SLA that is current at the time of renewal will apply throughout your renewal term. We will provide at least 90 days' notice for adverse material changes to this SLA.

## Claims
In order for Nexraid to consider a claim, you must submit the claim to customer support at support@nexraid.com including all information necessary for Nexraid to validate the claim, including but not limited to:

1. a detailed description of the Incident;
2. information regarding the time and duration of the Downtime;
3. the number and location(s) of affected users (if applicable); and
4. descriptions of your attempts to resolve the Incident at the time of occurrence.

## Terms
1. For a claim to be approved, we must receive the claim by the end of the calendar month following the month in which the Incident occurred. For example, if the Incident occurred on February 15th, we must receive the claim and all required information by March 31st.
2. We will evaluate all information reasonably available to us and make a good faith determination of whether a Service Credit is owed. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to process claims during the subsequent month and within forty-five (45) days of receipt. You must be in compliance with the Agreement in order to be eligible for a Service Credit. If we determine that a Service Credit is owed to you, we will apply the Service Credit to your Applicable Monthly/Yearly Service Fees.
3. If you purchased more than one Service (not as a suite), then you may submit claims pursuant to the process described above as if each Service were covered by an individual SLA. For example, if you purchased both Microsoft Office 365 Business Premium and Nexraid Backup Service (not as part of a suite), and during the term of the subscription an Incident caused Downtime for both Services, then you could be eligible for two separate Service Credits (one for each Service), by submitting two claims under this SLA. In the event that more than one Service Level for a particular Service is not met because of the same Incident, you must choose only one Service Level under which to make a claim based on the Incident. Unless as otherwise provided in a specific SLA, only one Service Credit is permitted per Service for an Applicable Monthly/Yearly Period.

## Service Credits
1. Service Credits are your sole and exclusive remedy for any performance or availability issues for any Service under the Agreement and this SLA. You may not unilaterally offset your Applicable Monthly/Yearly Service Fees for any performance or availability issues.
2. Service Credits apply only to fees paid for the particular Service, Service Resource, or Service tier for which a Service Level has not been met. In cases where Service Levels apply to individual Service Resources or to separate Service tiers, Service Credits apply only to fees paid for the affected Service Resource or Service tier, as applicable. The Service Credits awarded in any billing month for a particular Service or Service Resource will not, under any circumstance, exceed your monthly service fees for that Service or Service Resource, as applicable, in the billing month.
3. If you purchased Services as part of a suite or other single offer, the Applicable Monthly/Yearly Service Fees and Service Credit for each Service will be pro-rated.

## Rebate
The following Service Tier and Service Credits rebate are only applicable to paid Customer with a valid license or support plan.
Support Grade Service Credit Refund

| Failure to Meet X Tier of Grade | Service Credit Rebate |
|:-------------------------------:|:---------------------:|
| 0                               | 0%                    |
| 1                               | 5%                    |
| 2                               | 10%                   |
| 3                               | 25%                   |
| 4                               | 75%                   |
| 5                               | 100%                  |

## Limitations
This SLA and any applicable Service Levels do not apply to any performance or availability issues:
1. Due to factors outside our reasonable control (for example, natural disaster, war, acts of terrorism, riots, government action, or a network or device failure external to our datacentres, including at your site or between your site and our datacentre);
2. That result from the use of services, hardware, or software not provided by us, including, but not limited to, issues resulting from inadequate bandwidth or related to third-party software or services;
3. Caused by your use of a Service after we advised you to modify your use of the Service, if you did not modify your use as advised;
4. During or with respect to preview, pre-release, beta or trial versions of a Service, feature or software (as determined by us) or to purchases made using Nexraid subscription credits;
5. That result from your unauthorized action or lack of action when required, or from your employees, agents, contractors, or vendors, or anyone gaining access to our network by means of your passwords or equipment, or otherwise resulting from your failure to follow appropriate security practices;
6. That result from your failure to adhere to any required configurations, use supported platforms, follow any policies for acceptable use, or your use of the Service in a manner inconsistent with the features and functionality of the Service (for example, attempts to perform operations that are not supported) or inconsistent with our published guidance;
7. That result from faulty input, instructions, or arguments (for example, requests to access files that do not exist);
8. That result from your attempts to perform operations that exceed prescribed quotas or that resulted from our throttling of suspected abusive behaviour;
9. Due to your use of Service features that are outside of associated Support Windows; or
10. For licenses reserved, but not paid for, at the time of the Incident, any Service Credit that you may be eligible for will be credited in the form of service time (i.e., days) as opposed to service fees, and any references to "Applicable Monthly/Yearly Service Fees" is deleted and replaced by "Applicable Monthly/Yearly Period."
