---
uuid: d1d6ba8b-8787-4144-bde0-5a819baab47b
draft: false
title: "Clear Desk and Clear Screen Policy"
path: /Information-Security/Clear-Desk-and-Clear-Screen-Policy
description: "This policy outlines the Clear Desk and Clear Screen Policy for Nexraid's information system."
keywords: 
  - clear
  - desk
  - screen
  - information
  - security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - Nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
  - iso27001
  - iso27701
sidebar: information-security
date: 2021-11-01
version_date: 2021-11-01
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version after audited by ISO27001
author: danny
manager: lunghao
---

# Clear Desk and Clear Screen Policy

## Introduction
Nexraid Consulting information is the most valuable asset within the organization. Information leakage is a rising trend within all organizations and poses a serious risk of monetary or other forms of loss for the company.

## Scope
This Policy applies to all Nexraid Consulting employees who collect, generate, use or otherwise handle all levels of information.

## Procedures
1. The Staff must comply with the Clear Desk Policy for papers and removable computer media, and the Clear Screen Policy for personal computers in order to reduce the risks of unauthorized access, loss of, and damages to the Company’s information assets. The provisions in this section are applicable during and after the Company’s normal office hours regardless of the location of information processing and handling.
2. Lock away all “Confidential” document (paper and magnetic) in cabinets or desk drawers when the desk is unattended for a period greater than 15min. Selected “Nexraid Confidential – XXX BU Only” documents are to be locked away according to individual department’s requirement.
3. Lock all workstations when unattended (by pressing Ctrl + Alt + Delete and Enter). At end of day / office hours, close all applications and shutdown the workstation. Laptops must be stored securely within a cabinet or drawer if left at the office. Laptops must not be left out on desks, unsecured area after office hours.
4. If, in an emergency, the office must be evacuated quickly, invoke the locking screen at a minimum, if it is safe to do so, to avoid unauthorised access to workstations. All screensaver lock-out time will be set at a minimum of 15mins. This time can be shorter but cannot be greater than 30 mins.
5. Ensure any document or magnetic media, or other removable media such as CDs, DVDs, portable hard disk, etc are kept when not in use and locked away after office hours.
6. Keys and physical access control badges (if applicable) must be kept either on the person for whom the item is issued or must be locked securely away in a cabinet or drawer.
7. Do not leave written down passwords or user IDs with workstations that require those items for access. Do not leave this information on the desk or workspace. Do not leave password posted on or under a workstation or in any accessible location.
8. Public office file cabinets containing sensitive information must be locked when not in use and/or when not attended.
9. Copies of document containing sensitive information (non-Public) must be immediately removed from printers and facsimile machines.
10. Cell phones, smart phones, PDAs and tablets must be locked away in a cabinet or drawer or kept on one’s person at all times. When not in use, these items must be set to the locking screen of the device which requires a password.
11. Staff with allocated workspace shall always clear own workspace before leaving for longer periods of time and lock own desk and filing cabinets at the end of the day.