---
uuid: 9441703f-cab5-4007-accb-31085aba1660
draft: false
title: "Equipment Security Policy"
path: /Information-Security/Equipment-Security-Policy
description: "This policy outlines the Equipment Security Policy for Nexraid's information system."
keywords: 
  - equipment
  - information
  - security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - Nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
  - iso27001
  - iso27701
sidebar: information-security
date: 2021-11-01
version_date: 2021-11-01
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version after audited by ISO27001
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---


# Equipment Security Policy

## Introduction
Information residing in Nexraid Consulting, related to the company and its clients, are valuable assets within the organization. Information loss or being compromised poses a serious risk of monetary and reputation effect for the company. It is vital that the company protects its equipment in an effective and secure manner, such that information residing in such equipment are well protected and that equipment which supports the security of information continue to function effectively.

## Scope
This policy applies to all Nexraid Consulting employees who either manage the information security systems or maintain systems which supports such information security systems.


## Procedures for Office Environment Protection

### Utility Support
1. Each item of equipment shall be protected by an appropriate electrical fuse or circuit breaker.
2. Manufacturer's specifications for the operation of equipment and its environmental requirements shall be observed for operational areas.
3. Communication lines and power lines are physically protected against damage.
4. Equipment shall be protected against power surges.

### Fire Prevention
1. Fire prevention program shall be in place and a fire prevention officer appointed to coordinate the implementation of program. All staff should be informed of their respective role in the program and the appropriate training be given where necessary.
2. Combustible materials (e.g. waste paper, toner fluid, gas cylinders) should not be stored in critical areas.
3. Escape routes and firefighting equipment, such as extinguishers and fire blankets, should be provided to ensure that the building can be safely evacuated. The routes and firefighting equipment (extinguishers and fire blankets) locations should be documented in a floor plan.
4. Local regulations as to the minimum set of firefighting equipment to be provided must be observed.
5. Procedures for fire evacuation to be implemented (including the appointment of fire wardens) and notices displayed (escape routes, exit signs).
6. Testing of fire evacuation procedures performed yearly should include:
Fire drills
Serviceability of the firefighting equipment
7. All the building occupants, including visitors must be accounted for through a roll call of the employee list and the visitor log book.
8. Emergency lightings are to be provided, either by back up batteries or torch lights.
9. Effectiveness of the emergency lightings shall be reviewed at least on a yearly basis.
10. All escape routes should be kept clear to ensure they are passable in low visibility or panic situations.
11. Outward opening fire doors are to be installed with panic bars to allow for rapid exit without congestion or crowding whilst trying to open doors. The fire doors should not be locked or blocked.


## Procedures for Additional Environment Protection

### Equipment Siting and Protection3.1 Equipment Sitting and Protection

1. Physical security of equipment will depend on the nature of the equipment or business processes operated by the equipment. Controls shall be implemented to reduce the risk of environmental hazards and unauthorised access to the equipment. Considerations shall be given to the following hazards and more:
   1. Smoke
   2. Water
   3. Electrical supply interference
   4. Electromagnetic radiation
2. Server computing and network equipment shall be housed in computer racks, whenever possible. In event where the racks may be accessible by more than one party, the rack shall be locked when not in use.
3. Emergency switches, electricity, gas and water, to be clearly marked and easily accessible.
4. Equipment shall be sited to minimize unnecessary access into work areas. Processing and storage equipment handling sensitive data are positioned to reduce risk of overlooking during their use.
5. Critical equipment e.g., network and termination equipment and equipment processing sensitive data shall be locked and access restricted to authorised personnel only.
6. External support facilities such as communication lines and power lines are physically protected against unauthorised tampering.


### Power Supplies
1. Equipment should be protected from power failures or electrical anomalies.
2. Electrical supplies are verified to ensure it meets the equipment manufacturer's specifications.
3. Safety checks on electrical installations shall be conducted by specialists at least once a year.
4. Electrical loading shall be reviewed before new equipment is added into the environment.
5. Possible need for a standby power supply such as uninterrupted power supply (UPS) or power generator shall be installed for high availability (HA) systems. The requirements for standby power shall be reviewed to ensure that it is sufficient to support critical equipment or activate other contingency plans.
6. Standby power supplies shall be tested in accordance to the manufacturer’s recommendation. Control should be taken to ensure any consumed power during the testing is replenished.
7. Emergency power switches should be located near emergency exits in server room.
to facilitate rapid power down in case of an emergency.
8. Electrical cables should be segregated according to voltage and frequency.
9. All electrical cables should be labelled and physically protected. The codes used on the labels should be documented.
10. Electrical cables shall be inspected for possible corrosion at least on a yearly basis.


### Cabling Security
1. Network cabling carrying data should be protected from interception or damage.
2. Network cabling should be planned centrally by Technical Department.
3. Cabling shall be performed by authorised personnel only and shall be physically and electrically tested before commissioning.
4. Cables should be labelled with a documented code and arranged in a logical manner.
5. Network termination points shall be enclosed in locked telecommunication closet against unauthorised access.
6. Power cables should be segregated from network cables to prevent interference.


### Fire Protection
1. Office shall be equipped with fire-fighting system such as portable fire extinguishers. Staff must be trained in the use of these appliances as well as other aspects of fire safety.
2. Smoke detectors shall be installed in office to detect possible fire. They shall be regularly checked and serviced.
3. Detector alarms must be audible to ensure that everyone is aware that a fire has started.


## Procedures for Equipment Protection

### Equipment Registration
1. All assets associated with information/services shall be identified and maintained in an asset inventory. The assets include but not limited to the following:
   1. Computing and Communication Equipment
   2. Operating Systems
   3. Applications
   4. Configuration Information
   5. Business Information
2. All assets should be accounted for and have a nominated owner. The owner must be an individual. In the event an asset is purchased before the staff join, accountability of that asset will lie in the department head.
3. Asset inventory will be reviewed on a yearly basis.
4. Asset that exists in physical form shall be tagged with identification markings.
5. Risk assessment should be performed prior to purchase of new asset to assess the sensitivity of information passing through it and its corresponding security requirements. Once the asset is delivered, the asset inventory list shall be updated accordingly.
6. Continual risk assessment shall be conducted on a yearly basis to review the effectiveness of security controls currently applied.


### Equipment Capacity Planning
1. Advance capacity planning should be performed prior to the addition of new computing system to ensure that existing capacity is sufficient to support the increased load.
2. Equipment usage should be monitored to minimise the likelihood of failure. Key equipment resources should be identified for the monitoring.
3. Data collected should be analysed for any trend for potential bottleneck that may present a threat to the system security or user service or opportunities to improve the present usage efficiency. Remedial or preventive action should be taken where appropriate.


### Equipment Maintenance
1. Preventive maintenance of environmental control systems shall be performed in accordance with manufacturer’s specifications and during scheduled downtime.
2. Only authorised and trained personnel shall perform the maintenance. In an event an external vendor is used, the terms of maintenance support shall be clearly defined.
3. Maintenance work performed on equipment shall be documented.
4. On-site maintenance support for computing servers and network equipment shall be provided.
5. Storage media shall be removed in the event any computing equipment needs to be removed from the office premises for repair.
6. Procedure for reporting equipment failure shall be established. It should also include the escalation of equipment repair and cover changeover to duplicate equipment in the event where the actual equipment requires major repair.