---
uuid: ab8f3084-50ea-492a-8461-b0d478c5f584
draft: false
title: "Data Loss Prevention Policy"
path: /Data-Protection/Data-Loss-Prevention-Policy
description: "This policy defines how Nexraid can share and protect data."
keywords: 
  - data-protection
  - dlp
  - prevention
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: data-protection
date: 2020-01-10
version_date: 2020-01-10
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: kiathan
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Data Loss Prevention Policy
## Purpose 
NexRaid Consulting Pte Ltd (Nexraid) must protect restricted, confidential or sensitive data from loss to avoid reputation damage and to avoid adversely impacting our customers. The protection of in scope data is a critical business requirement, yet flexibility to access data and work effectively is also critical. It is not anticipated that this technology control can effectively deal with the malicious theft scenario, or that it will reliably detect all data. It’s primary objective is user awareness and to avoid accidental loss scenarios. This policy outlines the requirements for data leakage prevention, a focus for the policy and a rationale.

## Scope
1. Any NexRaid device which handles customer data, sensitive data, personally identifiable information or company data. Any device which is regularly used for e-mail, web or other work related tasks and is not specifically exempt for legitimate business or technology reasons. 
2. The NexRaid information security policy will define requirements for handling of information and user behaviour requirements. This policy is to augment the information security policy with technology controls. 
3. Exemptions: Where there is a business need to be exempted from this policy (too costly, too complex, adversely impacting other business requirements) a risk assessment must be conducted being authorized by security management. 


## Policy 
1. Data leakage prevention (DLP) technology will scan for data in motion. 
2. The DLP technology will identify large volumes (thus, of high risk of being sensitive and likely to have significant impact if handled inappropriately) of in scope data. A large number of records is defined as 100 records. In scope data is defined as:
   1. Credit card details, bank account numbers and other financial identifiers 
   2. E-mail addresses, names, addresses and other combinations of personally identifiable information 
   3. Documents that have been explicitly marked with the ‘ Confidential’ string.
3. DLP will identify specific content, i.e.: 
   1. Sales data – particularly forecasts, renewals lists and other customer listings 
   2. Exports of personally identifiable information outside controlled systems
4. DLP will be configured to alert the user in the event of a suspected transmission of sensitive data, and the user will be presented with a choice to authorize or reject the transfer. This allows the user to make a sensible decision to protect the data, without interrupting business functions. Changes to the DLP product configuration will be handled through the IT change process and with security management approval, to identify requirements to adjust the information security policy or employee communications.
5. DLP will log incidents centrally for review. The IT team will conduct first level triage on events, identifying data that may be sensitive and situations where its transfer was authorized and there is a concern of inappropriate use. These events will be escalated to HR to be handled through the normal process and to protect the individual
6. Where there is an active concern of data breach, the IT incident management process is to be used with specific notification provided to Incident Response team
7. Access to DLP events will be restricted to a named group of individuals to protect the privacy of employees. A DLP event does not constitute evidence that an employee has intentionally, or accidentally lost data but provides sufficient basis for investigation to ensure data has been appropriately protected.

## Technical guidelines 
Technical guidelines identify requirements for technical implementation and are typically technology specific. 
1. The technology of choice is Microsoft Enterprise Mobility + Security Suite.
2. The product will be configured to identify data in motion to Browsers, IM Clients, E-mail clients, Mass storage devices and writable CD media.

## Reporting requirements 
1. Weekly reports of incidents to Technical Director
2. High priority incidents discovered by IT should be immediately flagged with High
3. Monthly report showing % devices compliant with DLP policy
