---
uuid: a11c34a2-b355-4da1-a834-0192f0ddc41e
draft: false
title: "Enterprise Key Management Policy"
path: /Information-Security/Enterprise-Key-Management-Policy
description: "This policy establishes a set of rules that cover the goals, responsibilities, and overall requirements for securing and managing crypto keys at an organisational level."
keywords: 
  - key-management
  - key
  - information
  - security
  - information-security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: information-security
date: 2020-01-10
version_date: 2020-01-10
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: kiathan
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Enterprise Key Management Policy
## Overview and General Policies
Public asymmetric keys are unrestricted by definition, therefore their confidentiality is not necessary; however, the integrity and authenticity of public asymmetric keys must be established, maintained, and verifiable. Public key certificates bind the user’s identity to the public key via the Certificate Authority’s signature on the certificate, and therefore ensure the integrity and authenticity of the certificate contents, including the public key it contains.

Key synchronization is the ability to verify that the same key (e.g., symmetric or asymmetric private key) is securely stored in one or more locations without compromising the security of the keys or the systems.

A cryptographic key should be used for only one purpose. For example, a given symmetric key may be used for the encryption of data or the encryption of keys (key wrapping) or the creation of a Message Authentication Code or the generation of random numbers, but should not be used for more than one of these functions. A public or private key pair may be used for signing and verifying digital signatures or establishing keys, but not both.


## Generation of strong keys
Key generation should use only approved algorithms (e.g., X9 standards) for random or pseudo-random number generation and random prime number generation. These approved algorithms can be found in the Nexraid System Configuration Standards document.


## Secure Key Distribution
Private asymmetric keys and symmetric keys shall only exist in the following secure forms:

* As cleartext inside the protected memory of a tamper-resistant security module
* As ciphertext outside the protected memory of a tamper-resistant security module
* As two or more key fragments (e.g., key components, k-of-n key shares), either in cleartext or ciphertext, managed using dual control with split knowledge.

These three forms ensure that the confidentiality of private asymmetric and symmetric keys is absolute; no one must ever know these keys.


## Periodic Changing of Keys and Cryptoperiods
A cryptoperiod is the time span during which a specific key is authorized for use by legitimate entities, or the keys for a given system may remain in effect. Unless otherwise noted; all keys should be changed or rotated at least on an annual basis. Nexraid uses the following criteria to establish appropriate cryptoperiods:

* Amount of information protected by a given key that is available for cryptanalysis
* Amount of exposure if a single key is compromised
* Use of a particular algorithm to its estimated effective lifetime, and amount of time available for cryptanalytic attacks to be useful
* The strength of the cryptographic mechanisms (e.g., the algorithm, key length, mode of operation),
* The embodiment of the mechanisms (e.g., FIPS 140-2 Level 4 implementation, software implementation on a Microsoft Windows machine), the operating environment (e.g., secure limited access facility, open office environment, publicly accessible terminal)
* The volume of information flow or the number of transactions
* The security function (e.g., data encryption, digital signature, key production or
* derivation, key protection)
* The rekeying method (e.g., keyboard entry, rekeying using a key loading device where humans have no direct access to key information, remote rekeying within a PKI)
* The number of nodes in a network that share a common key
* The threat to the information (e.g., who the information is protected from, and what are their perceived technical capabilities and financial resources to mount an attack).

See glossary in Appendix K for a definition of the different key types.


## Destruction of Old Keys
When there are no further requirements for retaining keying material or its association with an entity, the key should be de-registered (i.e., all records of the keying material and its associations should be destroyed), and all copies of the private or secret key should be destroyed. Any media on which the keying material was stored should be erased in a manner that removes all traces of the keying material so that it cannot be recovered by either physical or electronic means.

Note: while it may be desirable to destroy all copies of a public key, in many cases it is not possible to guarantee that this is actually done. Retention of the public key is not a security problem.


## Prevention of Unauthorized Substitution of Keys
Only authorized users and secured transport channels are allowed to generate new keys. Sensitive encryption keys must be secured such that an unauthorized substitution cannot occur.

These controls may include physical security of an offline key generation, dual control and split knowledge access requirements to perform re-keying functions and periodic auditing.


## Replacement of Known or Suspected Compromised Keys
If a key used to provide confidentiality protection, via encryption, is compromised, or is known by unauthorized parties the Key Owner must be immediately informed. Unauthorized access to system keys may occur when:

* Audit logs reveal inappropriate use, such as exporting of system keys without proper authorization (which may be tracked through audit logs and change request tickets)
* Evidence of physical tampering with the system
* Security issues prompt an audit due to physical compromise of a key component (e.g. a key component is missing) by an internal or external third party

The Key Owner must then document the incident and perform the following tasks:
* Document the incident including; date and time of compromise, means of compromise, as well as data, systems, and users affected, 
* Open a ticket for authorization, and follow the appropriate procedures to revoke the compromised key(s)
* Inform associated application and or data owners of the incident
* Authorize the Key Manager(s) to securely issue the new keys

## Revocation of Old or Invalid Keys
It may be necessary to remove keying material from use prior to the end of its normal cryptoperiod for reasons that include key compromise, removal of an entity form an organization, etc. This is accomplished by notifying all entities that may be using the revoked keying material that the material should no longer be used. The notification should include:

* A complete identification of the keying material
* The date and time of revocation 
* The reason for revocation (e.g. key compromised)

## Auditing
Key management systems should be audited on a regular basis to ensure that the practices continue to effectively support the Key Management Policy. The protective mechanisms should be reassessed as to the level of security that they provide and are expected to provide in the future. The actions of the personnel that use, operate and maintain the key management systems should be reviewed by the Key Auditor to verify that they continue to follow established security procedures. Unless otherwise noted, audits should occur on at a minimum on a quarterly basis.


## Enterprise Key Management Roles
This section defines the enterprise Key Management roles required for deploying, operating, and maintaining a secure Key Management solution. Each user authorized to perform a key management duty must read and sign the Key Custodian form (found in the appendix). It is acceptable for users of key management roles to be responsible for multiple systems, i.e. a Key Manager may perform that role for multiple key management systems.


## Key Management Governing Body
The Key Management Governing Body is responsible for reviewing and authorizing the Key Owner role. This governing body is made up of Nexraid management and meets quarterly to review the assigned Key Owner roles and authorized users.

## Key Owner
The Key Owner is responsible for the overall security of the encryption keys. This role is responsible for authorizing Key Admins and Key Managers. The Key Owner is also responsible for working with the Data Owners during such events as key compromises or other sensitive situations which may impact the integrity or security of the sensitive data. The Key Owner’s duties include:

* Authorize creation of the Key Manager and Key Administrator Roles
* Authorize key generation and revocation events
* Liaise and communicate with Data Owners during key compromises or other sensitive events which may jeopardize the security and/or integrity of data or systems.

## Key Administrator
The Key Administrator is responsible for setting up key management systems. This includes the following functional roles:

* Installation and setup of Key Management System
* Creation of the Key Manager/Security Officer role

Note: Due to the sensitive nature of this role, no single individual should have sole access to a system which can create users who can export keys and generate initial key sets (see Split Knowledge / Dual Control sections). In situations where the system does not have the capability to distinguish roles between a Key Administrator and Key Manager, these roles may be combined. However the functions must be carried out using dual control. This reduces the risk associated with a single user have the ability to export the master keys or perform other sensitive functions.


## Key Manager
The Key Manager also known as the Security Officer, oversees the security, access, usage and handling of any encryption key or cryptographic device that resides in the location assigned to him/her, during its entire life cycle and to ensure that all such activities are in compliance with the Nexraid Enterprise Key Management Policy. Some of he Key Manager’s responsibilities include:

* Create the user login and password
* Create the enabling key token (EKT)
* Create tokens
* Write device keys
* Enable the encryption-capable tape drives
* Tape drive enablement
* Create key sets and keys
* Import keys
* Export keys
* Key creation

Note: Due to the sensitive nature of this role, no single individual should have sole access to a system which exports keys and generates initial key sets (see Split Knowledge / Dual Control sections). In situations where the system does not have the capability to distinguish roles between a Key Administrator and Key Manager these roles may be combined, however the functions must be carried out using dual control. This reduces the risk associated with a single user have the ability to export the master keys or perform other sensitive functions.


## Key Components Holder
Actual handling of keys in the component form (i.e. two or more full-length values) is done by a minimum of two trusted and trained individuals who will each be given access to a component of the key, under the supervision and guidance of the Key Manager. The Key Components Holder is to securely handle the encryption keys in the following manner:

* Keep the key component(s) secret and confidential, at all times, and not share a key component with anyone other then his/her designated backup.
* Follow the corresponding Key Component Holder Stand Operating Procedures guide in performing all key activities.
* Securely document all key activities performed.
* Inform the Key Owner or Key Manager of any known or suspected compromise or loss of a key component as soon as the event is known.

Note: If dual control is in place, it may sufficient for the Key Manager and Key Components Holder roles to be fulfilled by the same personnel.


## Key Auditor
The Key Auditor plays a security role to ensure that the Key Management Policy is being upheld. This includes the review of all administrative functions related to the creation and maintenance of all users of the Key Management solution. It all also includes any user or system usage of cryptographic keys. 

Note: There cannot be a ranking relationship between Key Mangers, Key Admins, Key Component Holders, or Key Auditors.


## Split Knowledge and Dual Control
Due to this requirement, access to the Key Manager and Key Administrator roles must be secured using split knowledge and/or dual control procedures. This means that 2 of 4 authorized users are required in order to access the Key Management system as a Key Manger or Key Administrator. The recommended scenario will consist of one set of Key Managers and Key Administrators, but in the event of a technology or geographic constraint (inability for key synchronization between physical sites or distance between physical sites); the policy may be implemented on a per location basis.


## Authorized 2 of 4 Dual Control Configurations
If the system provides the capability of generating dual control (dual authentication) methods, such that it may be configured to consume multiple user credentials in order to authenticate, this is the preferred method.

If the system does not have the inherent ability to enforce dual control, then a secured safe with dual key lock or dual PINs (meaning two keys or two PINs required in order to unlock it) may be utilized. All access requests must be securely logged and accessible to the Key Auditor.

Storing the key material in a single secured location is acceptable, so long as it does not pose an undue risk to business processes. For example, if the keys to system X and the keys to all the backups of system X are in the same place, this may pose a business risk as one fire may destroy all ability to run and restore system X.

The requirement for dual control stipulates that even if key materials are stored in the same place, control/access to these materials should be separated:

* The key materials for system X are stored in the key safe 
* The key materials for system Y are stored in the same key safe 
* The key safe is located in a security office with a physical (paper) ACL and log which is verified by a company security (physical security) officer each time access to the safe is granted 
* Physical security officer (security guard) does not know combination to safe. He just has the sheet with images and names of those allowed access 

When Key Managers (who have access to both X and Y materials via dual control) arrive to remove materials from the safe they must:

* Present him or herself to physical security officer (if necessary)
* Unlock safe using dual control 
* Perform an inspection--all materials should have previously been identified and properly sealed in tamper evident envelopes
* Fill in a physical control log indicating time, date and materials removed and purpose 
* Access log is signed by both Key Managers
* When materials are returned, the time and date are likewise noted in log and signed by both parties 

A time limit should be in place to establish the amount of time these materials are allowed to be checked out at one time (the Key Managers should not be able to take them home or leave them overnight unsecured).

## International Standards
The ANSI X9 and ISO standards for symmetric key management have been established for over ten years, with revisions every five years per the ANSI procedures, or on an as-needed basis (e.g., X9 standards using single DES encryption have either been withdrawn or revised to triple DES encryption). Similarly, many ANSI X9 and ISO standards for asymmetric key management have been recently published or are in progress. In parallel to the X9 standards, auditing standards for certification authorities (CAs) relating to asymmetric key management have also been published.
