---
uuid: 48e287f3-4600-42bf-b8c0-c4dc12248e4f
draft: false
title: "Asset Management Policy"
path: /Business-Operation/Asset-Management-Policy
description: "An asset management policy is one of the core control set of ISO 27001:2013 certification and is a cornerstone of a solid and complete asset management strategy."
keywords: 
  - byod
  - asset
  - assetManagement
  - operation
  - business
  - policy
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - openSource
sidebar: business-operation
date: 2020-01-10
version_date: 2020-01-10
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: kiathan
manager: lunghao
---


## Overview
Asset management is the process of receiving, tagging, documenting, and eventually disposing of equipment. It is critically important to maintain up to date inventory and asset controls to ensure computer equipment locations and dispositions are well known. Lost or stolen equipment often contains sensitive data. Proper asset management procedures and protocols provide documentation that aid in recovery, replacement, criminal, and insurance activities.
# Nexraid Asset Management Policy
## Purpose
This policy provides procedures and protocols supporting effective organizational asset management specifically focused on electronic devices.

## Scope
This policy applies to all NexRaid staff and contactors.

## Asset Types
The following minimal asset classes are subject to tracking and asset tagging:

* Desktop workstations
* Laptop mobile computers
* Tablet devices
* Printers, copiers, fax machines, and multifunction print devices
* Handheld devices
* Scanners
* Servers
* Network appliances (e.g. firewalls, routers, switches, Uninterruptible Power Supplies (UPS), endpoint network hardware, and storage)
* Private Branch Exchange (PBX) and Voice over Internet Protocol (VOIP) Telephony Systems and Components
* Internet Protocol (IP) Enabled Video and Security Devices
* Memory devices


## Asset Value
Assets which cost less than US$100 shall not be tracked, including computer components such as smaller peripheral devices, video cards, or keyboards, or mice. However, assets, which store data regardless of cost, shall be tracked either as part of a computing device or as a part of network attached storage. These assets include:

* Network Attached Storage (NAS), Storage Area Network (SAN) or other computer data storage
* Temporary storage drives
* Tape or optical media with data stored on them including system backup data


## Asset Tracking Requirements

The following procedures and protocols apply to asset management activities:

* All assets must have an internal NexRaid asset number assigned and mapped to the device’s serial number.
* An asset-tracking database shall be created to track assets. It shall minimally include purchase and device information including:
* Date of purchase
* Make, model, and descriptor
* Serial Number
* Location
* Type of asset
* Owner
* Department
* Purchase Order number
* Disposition

Prior to deployment, Accounting department staff shall assign an ID to the asset and enter its information in the asset tracking database. All assets maintained in the asset tracking database inventory shall have an assigned owner.


## Asset Disposal And Repurposing
Procedures governing asset management shall be established for secure disposal or repurposing of equipment and resources prior to assignment, transfer, transport, or surplus. When disposing of any asset, sensitive data must be removed prior to disposal. Information Security support staff shall determine what type of data destruction protocol should be used for erasure. Minimally, data shall be removed using low level formatting and degaussing techniques. For media storing confidential or student personally identifiable information (PII) that is not being repurposed, disks shall be physically destroyed prior to disposal.


## Audit Controls and Management
On-demand documented procedures and evidence of practice should be in place for this operational policy as part of NexRaid. Satisfactory examples of evidence and compliance include:
* Current and historical asset management system checks for various classes of asset records.
* Spot checks of record input and accuracy against tracking database.
* Evidence of internal process and procedure supporting this policy for compliance with general workstation computing policies.


## Enforcement
Staff members found in policy violation may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.

## Distribution
This policy is to be distributed to all NexRaid staff responsible for hardware and device support.
