---
uuid: ca2e0182-cd64-491e-abbc-12ecc1a0dc93
draft: false
title: "GL01 - Password Guideline"
path: /Guideline/GL01-Password-Guideline
additional_path:
    - "/Guideline/GL01"
    - "/Guideline/Password-Guideline"
    - "/Information-Security/Password-Guideline"
description: "This policy establishes the position that poor password management or construction imposes risks to the security of information systems and resources."
keywords: 
  - password
  - guideline
  - GL01
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: guideline
date: 2020-01-08
version_date: 2022-08-01
version_name: 2.0.0
version_changelog: Merge our original policy with the version audited by DPTM
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Guideline 01 – Password Guideline

## Document Details
* Doc ID: GL01
* Doc Title: Password Guideline
* Revision: 2.0
* Effective Date: 1 August 2022
* Author: Danny Tan
* Approver: Liu Lung Hao

## Selecting Strong Authentication Credential
Even with most services requiring multi-factor authentication, users are still required to use strong passwords. To ensure the password strength is not compromised, user must ensure that their account credentials do not fall into these categories:
* Short password (anything shorter than 8 characters)
* Password is a variation of a username
* Passwords containing dictionary words (including words where letter are replaced with numbers or special characters, e.g. pa$$w0rd)
* Passwords contain personal information (date of birth, names, postcode, etc)

A good approach of creating a strong password is to use a memorable sentence as a foundation and then modify it to create a password that is difficult to brute-force and easy to remember.

| Word      | Key  |
|:---------:|:----:|
| For       | 4    |
| Example   | e.g. |
| The       | T    |
| Following | f    |
| Sentence  | $    |
| Is        | I    |
| A         | a    |
| Strong    | $    |
| Password  | pwd  |

This results in a very strong password which is very difficult to crack or guess: `4e.g.Tf$Ia$pwd`


## Protecting Your Passwords
User should do their upmost in order to keep their password safe. Following steps will help ensure that their password is kept safe:

* At no time should the user write the password down on a paper that could be seen by other people
* Saving passwords in unprotected files or files with weak encryption
* At no time should the user disclose their password to any other person. This includes disclosing your password to management and other senior employees.
* Reuse or basic modification of previously used passwords
* Using the same passwords for external services as their compromise can lead to your password being leaked.

In case user suspects that someone might have seen their password, or if they have suspicion that their password was somehow compromised, they are advices to immediately change their password.

## Recommended Password Requirement
All Nexraid in house systems and mission critical systems must comply with the recommended password requirements stated below.

The password management process/system shall make sure that passwords:
* are at least twelve(12) characters long;
* are case sensitive;
* contain a combination of letters (upper and lower case), numeric and special characters (symbol);
* are required to be changed on first use and a maximum of every 365-days thereafter;
* can only be changed after successful authentication by the account owner;
* shall not be the same as at least the last four previously used;
* are not displayed in clear text when being entered;
* are only stored in an encrypted form;
* are not recorded in audit trails;
* are to be re-entered to unlock inactive accounts after a period of 15 minutes or less.


## Minimum Password Requirement
All Nexraid systems including third party systems must meet this minimum password requirement. If the system does not allow any of the following requirement, Nexraid will source for an alternative solution.

The password must
* allow at least eight(8) characters or longer;
* allow both letters and numerals;
* contain a combination of letters (upper and lower case);
* not displayed in clear text when being entered;
* only be stored in an encrypted form;
* only be changed after successful authentication by the account owner.
* not be recorded in audit trails;
