---
uuid: 52b2d581-0649-4a95-81c0-e929c17aca14
draft: false
title: "ISMSP08 - Incident Management"
path: /ISMS/ISMSP08-Incident-Management
additional_path:
    - "/ISMS/ISMSP08"
    - "/ISMS/Incident-Management"
description: "This procedure defines the requirements for ISMS incident management and applies to all elements on-site of the ISMS."
keywords: 
  - isms
  - inforamtion
  - security
  - protection
  - iso
  - "27001"
  - "27701"
  - dptm
  - procedure
  - ISMSP08
  - ISMSP
  - Incident
  - Management
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: isms
date: 2021-07-01
version_date: 2021-07-01
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: Initial Draft
author: danny
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid ISMS Procedure 08 - Incident Management

## Document Details
* Doc ID: ISMSP08
* Doc Title: Incident Management
* Revision: 1.0
* Effective Date: 1 July 2021
* Reference: ISO 27001 Clause A.16
* Author: Danny Tan
* Approver: Liu Lung Hao


## Introduction
The purpose of this document is to define the reporting procedures which shall be taken in case of a security incident occurring on company’s information assets aiming at minimizing negative impacts which might be imposed on the company businesses due to such incident. This procedure also defines incident analysis procedures aiming at preventing the further incidents from happening to company’s information assets. This procedure applies to all executives and employees of Nexraid as well as the external vendors working for the company while accessing company’s information assets.

## Responsibilities
Responsibility for the interpretation of this procedure lies with the Chairperson of the ISMS Steering Committee. Managing Director/DPO is responsible for overall incident response at the company and designates Site Manager/Incident Response Manager to supervise the incident response activities.

## Definition
1. Definition of Weakness: An information security weakness is a condition or circumstance that poses a reasonably potential risk of unauthorized access to confidential information, unauthorized access to company computers or networks, damage to or interference with company computers or networks, or loss of information.
2. Definition of Incident: An event that affects Nexraid’s business, is associated with the company’s information assets, and is caused by or involving the Staff of the company in the course of carrying out their work, including an event that prevents the company from carrying out their business, an event that decreases the company credibility and affects the business performance of the company or an event that harms the business of the company’s customers. This procedure applies to the following incidents:
    1. Low (incidents related to network/IT):
        1. Virus infection over company’s network, computers systems.
        2. Hacking with a malicious purpose. Information falsification and intrusion into the company’s network/computer systems
        3. Violation against the company's Information Security Policies on access controls, proper use of the company’s IT systems and the Internet, legitimate use of computer software, etc.
        4. Internet server-related incidents, including attacks on servers, falsification of servers, usage of servers as a steppingstone, and others 
        5. Disorder or halt, due to security reasons such as virus infection and attacks, of information systems, servers, networks or any other IT systems causing severe impact on the business operations
    2. Medium (incidents involving information leakage):
        1. Loss or theft of PCs, USB memory devices, mobile phones, paper document containing confidential information and others
        2. Leakage of information due to loss of software
        3. Incorrect delivery of emails, fax or paper document
        4. Unauthorized use of confidential information, personal information and customer information by taking them out of the company
        5. Information leakage due to improper disposal.
    3. High (Other incidents excluding those in Low and Medium that harm the customer business):
        1. Virus infection on customer’s system due to the staff’s negligence
        2. Unauthorized access to the customer system whose operation or maintenance are done by the staff

## Incident Reporting Procedures
1. When found, detected or observed an incident or weakness, the staff must immediately report the fact of such incident to HOD. The staff should report to their immediate supervisor when it is difficult to promptly identify or find such responsible personnel to report to. Contents to be reported might include the outline of the incident, the time when the incident has been found or observed, and the possible extent of the damages incurred by such incident.
2. When having received the incident report, the relevant HOD will be appointed as the default Incident Response Manager. The HOD should report also the status of the incident resolution to Director of Nexraid while the department is taking necessary measures such as evidence gathering, confirming the fact of incident, isolating the damage, and attempting to resolve the incident and restore the operation to its normal state.
3. It is the Incident Response Manager’s responsibility to follow up the incident until operations are completely restored to their normal state and the permanent resolutions take effect.
4. For the purpose of preventing reoccurrence of incidents similar or dissimilar to the incident experienced, the relevant HOD must plan and implement permanent preventative measures following the procedures defined in this provision:
    1. Plan for Measures -- The HOD must conduct a causal analysis on the incident, plan permanent preventative measures, including technical/administrative measures and the assignment of cost and resources required to implement such measures, and submit them to the Incident Response Manager by revising the incident report as soon as necessary corrective action for the relevant incident have been completed.
    2. Review the Plan -- The Incident Response Manager will review and approve, if acceptable, the analysis and prevention plan described on the incident report which is submitted from the HOD.
    4. Statistical Analysis – The Incident Response Manager, with the help of Mgt Rep shall conduct periodical statistical analyses on security incidents happened in the past to research the trend, causes, and business impact of the incidents from the viewpoint of business risk analysis and design action plans to be executed throughout the organization. The Management Representative shall report the results of such analysis and recommendations to the Managing Director.