---
uuid: 3f7c7cf5-6efc-4b37-a22f-67bc5deda2cc
draft: false
title: "Nexraid Purchase Order Terms & Conditions"
path: /Legal/Nexraid-Agreement/Purchase-Order-Terms-and-Conditions
description: "This document states the terms and conditions for Nexraid to issue an official PO to the supplier."
keywords: 
  - po
  - purchase
  - purchase-order
  - terms
  - supplier
  - tnc
  - agreement
  - legal
  - policy
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: legal
date: 2020-01-28
version_date: 2020-01-28
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Purchase Order Terms & Conditions (“PO”)
## Acceptance and Effect
This PO is between the Nexraid Consulting Pte Ltd issuing the Purchase Order (“Nexraid”) and the supplier identified herein (“Supplier”) and covers:

1. Goods: the purchase of software and tangible goods
2. Services: the purchase/ordering of services
3. Deliverables: all intellectual property (“IP”) or other work product developed by Supplier (or a Subcontractor) for Nexraid as part of delivery of Goods or Services are “work made for hire” for Nexraid as that term is defined under applicable copyright law

This PO is effective upon Supplier’s commencement of performance or the date of Supplier’s signature below, whichever is earlier. Except as set forth in Section 2 below, Supplier’s acceptance of this PO is expressly limited to these terms and conditions without counterproposal.


## Relationship to Other Agreements
The terms and conditions of this PO are the complete and binding agreement between Nexraid and Supplier except:
1. If the parties mutually executed an agreement, including a Master Supplier Services Agreement, which is effective on the date of this PO and applies to the Goods and/or Services ordered with this PO, and/or that agreement applies to the relationship of the parties governed by this PO, then the provisions of such agreement are incorporated. If conflict arises between this PO and such agreement, the terms of such agreement will apply. For purposes of this PO, online terms or agreements that Nexraid accepts to login or access Services, such as a software as a service or platform, is not an agreement that has been “mutually executed” and will not replace, supplement or amend the terms in this PO in any way.
2. If multiple agreements with similar or contradictory provisions could apply to this PO, the parties agree the terms most favourable to Nexraid will apply, unless the result would be unreasonable, unconscionable or prohibited by law.
3. Except as stated above in this Section 2, and other than changes described in Section 8 and the Termination provisions in Section 12, additional or different terms (for example, online terms or agreements) will not supersede this PO unless the parties mutually execute a written document.


## Packing, Shipment and Returns of Goods or Deliverables.
Unless specifically provided in this PO:
1. Packing
   1. Price based on weight will include net weight only;
   2. Supplier will not charge Nexraid for packaging or pre-shipping costs, such as boxing, crating, handling damage, drayage, or storage.
2. Shipping
   1. Supplier will mark all containers with necessary handling and shipping information, PO number(s), date of shipment, and names of the consignee and consignor;
   2. An itemized invoice and packing list, and other documentation required for domestic or international transit, regulatory clearance or identification of the Goods or Deliverables will accompany each shipment;
   3. Nexraid will only pay for the quantity received, not to exceed the maximum quantity ordered;
   4. Nexraid or its agent will hold over-shipments at Supplier’s risk and expense for a reasonable time awaiting Supplier’s shipping instructions;
   5. Nexraid will not be charged for shipping or delivery costs;
   6. Unless otherwise agreed, Goods and Deliverables will be delivered on the 7th day after the PO date; and
   7. Supplier will bear all risk of loss, damage, or destruction to the Goods or Deliverable, in whole or in part, occurring before final acceptance by Nexraid at the designated delivery location. Nexraid is responsible for any loss caused by the gross negligence of its employees before acceptance.
3. Returns
   1. Supplier will bear the expense of return shipping charges for over-shipped quantities or rejected items.


## Invoices
1. All invoice please email to accounts@nexraid.com
2. Payee should contact Nexraid Accounts Team accounts@nexraid.com via email and provide a valid justification if unable to submit invoices via this process, as an exception Nexraid will provide an alternative invoice submission process.
3. Invoice must contain the following information:
   1. PO number
   2. Item number
   3. Description of item
   4. Quantities
   5. Unit prices
   6. Extended totals
   7. Packing slip number
   8. Shipping information
   9. Taxes
   10. Any other information reasonably required by Nexraid.
4. Supplier will not charge Nexraid for researching, reporting on or correcting any errors relating to its invoices.
5. Nexraid may provide electronic invoicing functionality to Supplier through the use of a third-party invoicing service provider. In those circumstances, Supplier authorizes the electronic invoicing provider to receive Supplier’s invoice data not yet constituting an original invoice and subsequently to apply an electronic signature to the invoice data to issue electronic invoices “in the name and on behalf of” Supplier.
6. Nexraid may dispute any invoice by providing oral or written notice or partial payment. Nexraid will make commercially reasonable efforts to notify Supplier in writing of any disputed amount within 60 days of receiving the applicable invoice. Neither failing to provide notice nor payment of an invoice is a waiver of any claim or right.


## Payment Terms / Cash Discounts / Offset / Expenses
1. After Nexraid accepts the Goods or Services and receives a correct and undisputed invoice (the “Create Date”), Nexraid will release payment by net 60 days with no discount, following the Create Date.
2. Nexraid is not obligated to pay any invoice received from Supplier more than 120 days after Nexraid accepts the Goods or Services.
3. Payment of an invoice will not constitute acceptance under this PO, and is subject to adjustment for errors, shortages, defects or other failure of Supplier to meet the requirements of this PO.
4. Nexraid may set-off amounts owed to Nexraid against an amount Nexraid owes Supplier or Supplier’s affiliated companies. Nexraid will provide notice to Supplier within a reasonable time after the setoff.
5. Unless otherwise agreed, Supplier is responsible for all expenses incurred providing the Goods or Services and performing under this PO.


## Taxes
1. Except as otherwise provided below, the amounts to be paid by Nexraid to Supplier do not include taxes. Nexraid is not liable for any taxes that Supplier is legally obligated to pay, including net income or gross receipts taxes, franchise taxes, and property taxes. Nexraid will pay Supplier any sales, use or value added taxes it owes due to this PO and which the law requires Supplier to collect from Nexraid.
2. If Nexraid provides Supplier a valid exemption certificate, Supplier will not collect the taxes covered by such certificate.
3. Supplier will indemnify and hold Nexraid harmless from any claims, costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) and liabilities related to Supplier’s taxes.
4. If the law requires Nexraid to withhold taxes from payments to Supplier, Nexraid may withhold those taxes and pay them to the appropriate taxing authority. Nexraid will deliver to Supplier an official receipt for such taxes. Nexraid will use reasonable efforts to minimize any taxes withheld to the extent allowed by law.


## Inspection and Acceptance
1. The Goods and Services must meet the standards and specifications in this PO. Nexraid may cancel this PO if Supplier fails to comply with the PO standards and specifications.
2. All Goods and Services will be subject to Nexraid’s inspection and testing, at any time and place, including the period of manufacture and before final acceptance. If Nexraid inspects or tests at Supplier’s premises, Supplier, without additional charge, will provide all reasonable facilities and assistance for the safety and convenience of Nexraid’s inspectors. No inspection or testing done or not done before final inspection and acceptance will relieve the Supplier from responsibility for defects or for other failure to meet the requirements of this PO.
3. If any item provided under this PO is defective in materials or workmanship or not in conformity with the requirements, then Nexraid may reject it without correction, require its correction within a specified time, accept it with an adjustment in price, or return it to Supplier for full credit.
4. When Nexraid provides notice to Supplier, Supplier will promptly replace or correct, at their expense, any item rejected or requiring correction. If, after Nexraid’s request, Supplier fails to promptly replace or correct a defective item within the delivery schedule, Nexraid may, at its sole option,
   1. replace or correct such item and charge the cost to Supplier,
   2. without further notice terminate this PO for default, return the rejected item to Supplier at Supplier’s expense and Supplier will promptly refund any amounts paid by Nexraid for the returned item or
   3. require a reduction in price.
5. Notwithstanding any prior inspections or payments made, all Goods and Services will be subject to final inspection and acceptance at Nexraid’s designated location within a reasonable time after delivery or performance. Records of all inspection work will be complete and available to Nexraid during performance of this PO and for such further period as Nexraid determines.


## Changes
1. Nexraid may suspend Supplier’s performance, increase or decrease the ordered quantities, or make changes for Nexraid’s reasonable business needs (each, a “Change Order”), by written notice to Supplier, including via e-mail, and without any notice to Supplier sureties, subcontractors or assignees.
2. Unless mutually agreed, a Change Order does not apply to change the Goods and Services timely and fully delivered before the date of the Change Order. If any change causes an increase or decrease in the cost of, or the time required for, Supplier’s performance, an equitable adjustment may be made in the price or delivery schedule or both, if Nexraid agrees to such adjustment in writing.


## Tools and Equipment
1. All tools, equipment or materials acquired by Supplier for use in providing the Goods and Services, which have been furnished to, paid for by or charged against Nexraid, including specifications, drawings, tools, dies, moulds, fixtures, patterns, hobs, electrodes, punches, artwork, screens, tapes, templates, special test equipment, gauges, content, data, and software, will remain or become Nexraid’s property, treated as confidential information, and delivered in good condition, normal wear and tear excepted, by Supplier to Nexraid’s designated delivery location, immediately upon demand and without cost to Nexraid.
2. Supplier warrants the item(s) and information will not be used for any work or production of any materials or parts other than for Nexraid, without Nexraid’s prior written permission.


## Ownership and use of the parties’ respective IP
1. Each party will own and retain all rights to its pre-existing IP and any IP developed outside of the Goods and Services under this PO.
2. Solely as to Deliverables: Nexraid will own all Deliverables, including all IP rights, all media in any format, hardware, and other tangible materials created by Supplier while delivering the Services. Any Supplier work which is a written or customized product or report related to, or to be used in, a Deliverable is regarded as IP.
3. If Deliverables do not qualify as a work made for hire, Supplier assigns to Nexraid all right, title, and interest in and to the Deliverables, including all IP rights. Supplier waives all moral rights in Deliverables.
4. If Supplier uses any Supplier or third-party IP in any Good or Service, Supplier will continue to own Supplier’s IP. Supplier will grant Nexraid a worldwide, nonexclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid up right and license, under all current and future IP, to use Supplier’s and third-party IP consistent with Nexraid’s ownership interests under this Section 10.
5. Nexraid IP
   1. Supplier may obtain “Nexraid Materials” meaning tangible or intangible materials (including hardware, software, source code, documentation, met methodologies, know how, processes, techniques, ideas, concepts, technologies, and data) provided by or on behalf of Nexraid or any of its affiliated companies required for Supplier to perform the Services.
   2. Nexraid Materials include any modifications to, or derivative works of, the foregoing materials, the trademarks and any data entered into any Supplier database as part of the Services.
   3. Nexraid Materials do not include Nexraid products obtained by Supplier outside of and unrelated to this PO.
   4. Nexraid grants Supplier a nonexclusive, non-sublicensable (except to approved subcontractors), revocable license to copy, use and distribute any Nexraid Materials.
   5. Nexraid retains all other interest in Nexraid Materials and related IP. Supplier has no right to sublicense Nexraid Materials except to approved subcontractors as required to perform the delivery of Goods and Services. If the Nexraid Materials come with a separate license, the terms of that license will also apply.
   6. Supplier will take reasonable precautions to protect and ensure against loss or damage, theft, or disappearance of Nexraid Materials.
   7. PO Supplier will promptly return any Nexraid Materials upon expiration or termination.
6. Regarding Supplier’s use of Nexraid Materials:
   1. Supplier will not modify, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble Nexraid Materials except as allowed by Nexraid in writing;
   2. Supplier will leave in place, and not alter or obscure proprietary notices and licenses contained in Nexraid Materials;
   3. Nexraid is not obligated to provide technical support, maintenance or updates for Nexraid Materials;
   4. All Nexraid Materials are provided “as-is” without warranty; and
   5. Supplier assumes the risk of loss, damage, unauthorized access or use, or theft or disappearance of Nexraid Materials in Supplier’s (or subcontractor’s) care, custody or control.
7. Grant of Rights IP
   1. License, Access and Use. Supplier grants to Nexraid and its affiliated companies (including their employees, contractors, consultants, outsourced workers, and interns engaged by Nexraid or any of its affiliated companies to perform services)
      1. a worldwide, irrevocable, nonexclusive, perpetual, paid-up and royalty free license for any Goods that include software or other IP not subject to a separate license (including installed applications) and
      2. a worldwide, nonexclusive, unlimited, paid up and royalty free right to access and use, during the term, Services (where applicable), in each case for Nexraid’s business purposes. The license allows Nexraid to use such software, IP and Services in connection with Goods. Nexraid may transfer this license if it transfers the Goods to a Nexraid affiliated company, a Nexraid third-party service provider, or a successor owner by sale or lease.
   2. Pass through warranties and indemnities. Supplier assigns and passes through to Nexraid all of the third-party manufacturers’ and licensors’ warranties and indemnities for the Goods.
8. Title to the Goods (other than software) will pass from Supplier to Nexraid on final acceptance.


## Representations and Warranties
Supplier represents and warrants that:
1. It has full rights and authority to enter into and perform according to this PO and its performance will not violate any agreement or obligation between it and any third party;
2. services will be performed professionally and be of high grade, nature and quality;
3. it will provide to Nexraid all Goods and Services free from
   1. any defects in design, workmanship and materials,
   2. any liability for royalties, and
   3. any mechanic’s liens or any other statutory lien or security interest or encumbrance;
4. The Goods, Services, Deliverables and any Supplier IP or third-party IP provided to Nexraid under this PO:
   1. Are not governed, in whole or in part, by an Excluded License. “Excluded License” means any software license that requires as a condition of use, modification and/or distribution, that the software or other software combined and/or distributed with it be
      1. disclosed or distributed in source code form;
      2. licensed to make derivative works; or
      3. redistributable at no charge; and
      4. Will not be subject to license terms that require any Nexraid IP, product, service, or any Supplier IP, or third-party IP licensed to Nexraid, or documentation which incorporates or is derived from the Deliverables, to be licensed or shared with any third party;
   2. The Goods, Services, Deliverables and any Supplier IP or third-party IP provided to Nexraid under this PO will not:
      1. To the best of Supplier’s knowledge, infringe any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary right of any third party; or
      2. Contain any viruses or other malicious code that will degrade or infect any Goods, product, service, or any other software or Nexraid’s network or systems;
      3. Supplier will comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations whether local, state, federal or foreign;
      4. Supplier will comply with U.S. Export Administration Regulations, US Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control sanctions programs, and end-user, end-use and destination restrictions by U.S. and other governments as they apply to the Goods and Services and related technology in this PO, including access to such Goods and Services, which are subject to U.S. and other countries’ export jurisdiction; and
5. Supplier will comply with and train its employees in all applicable laws against bribery, corruption, inaccurate books & records, inadequate internal controls and money-laundering, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Supplier will not offer or give any employee, agent, or representative of Nexraid gratuities to secure any business from Nexraid or influence such person to alter the terms, conditions, or performance of any contract with or order from Nexraid, including but not limited to this PO.


## Termination
Nexraid may terminate this PO with or without cause. Termination is effective upon written notice. If Nexraid terminates for convenience, its only obligation is to pay for
1. Deliverables or Goods it accepts before the effective date of termination; or
2. Services performed, where Nexraid retains the benefit after the effective date of termination.
Privacy and Data Protection
If Supplier Processes any Personal Data or Confidential Information as part of performing the Services or providing Goods, Supplier agrees to:
   1. comply with the most current Supplier Data Protection Requirements (“DPR”) available at https://docs.nexraid.com/legal/Supplier-Data-Protection-Requirements; and
   2. for Personal Data Processing, sign Nexraid’s separate addendum supplementing this PO regarding compliance with data protection law, including the General Data Protection Regulation available at https://docs.nexraid.com/legal/General-Data-Protection-Regulation

## Supplier Guidelines and Code of Conduct
Supplier will comply with the most current

1. Supplier Guidelines (https://docs.nexraid.com/legal/Supplier-Guideline); and
2. Supplier Code of Conduct (https://docs.nexraid.com/culture/code-of-conduct)


## Accessibility
1. Devices, products, websites, web-based applications, or online content developed for or provided to Nexraid must comply with all legal and Nexraid-provided accessibility requirements.
2. Supplier developed, provided, or maintained websites, web-based applications, or online content relevant to the Services will comply with Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 Level A and AA Success Criteria (“WCAG 2.0 AA”). WCAG 2.0, also codified as ISO/IEC 40500:2012, is available at http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/.

> An overview of WCAG is available at http://www.w3.org/WAI/intro/wcag/


## No Waiver
Nexraid’s delay or failure to exercise any right or remedy will not result in a waiver of that or any other right or remedy.
Insolvency, Loss of Profits, Damages. 
1. The insolvency or adjudication of bankruptcy, filing a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or making an assignment for the benefit of creditors by either party will be a material breach of this PO. For this PO, “insolvency” means either
   1. the party’s liabilities exceed its assets, each fairly stated, or
   2. the party’s failure to pay its business obligations on a timely basis in the regular course of business.
2. Limitations of Liability
   1. Except for the indemnification obligations stated in section 19, neither Party will be liable to the other for any indirect, consequential, special, exemplary, or Punitive damages (including damages for loss of data, revenue, and/or profits), whether Foreseeable or unforeseeable, which arise out of this po, regardless of whether the liability is based on breach of contract, tort, strict liability, breach of warranties or otherwise, and even if the party is advised of the possibility of those damages.

## Subcontracting
Supplier will not subcontract with any third party to furnish any Goods or Services without Nexraid’s prior written consent.


## Indemnification
Supplier will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Nexraid and Nexraid affiliates companies against all claims, demands, loss, costs, damages, and actions for
   1. actual or alleged infringements of any third party IP or other proprietary rights, which arise from the Goods and Services provided under this PO,
   2. any claim that, if true, would constitute a breach of Section 13 or any Supplier warranty contained herein,
   3. any act or omission of or failure to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations by Supplier or Supplier’s agents, employees, or subcontractors,
   4. any breach of confidentiality obligations,
   5. the negligent or wilful acts or omissions of Supplier or its subcontractors, which results in any bodily injury or death to any person or loss, disappearance or damage to tangible or intangible property, and
   6. any claims of its employees, affiliated companies or subcontractors regardless of the basis, including, but not limited to, the payment of settlements, judgments, and reasonable attorneys’ fees.


## Insurance
1. Supplier will maintain the following insurance and minimum limits (or the equivalent limits in applicable local currency):
   1. commercial general liability insurance limits of US$1,000,000 per occurrence for personal injury and/or property damage (including Automobile Liability),
   2. Employers Liability insurance with minimum limits of US$500,000 per occurrence, and
   3. statutory limits for any claims under any applicable US Worker’s Compensation and Occupational Disease Acts or other similar laws or regulations that are applicable to acts of Supplier and/or its agents, employees, or subcontractors under this PO.
2. If the provision of Goods or Services under this PO causes Professional liability/errors & omissions liability, Supplier will maintain insurance coverage for such liability with policy limits of not less than US$2,000,000, each claim, or the equivalent limits in applicable local currency.
3. The insurance will include coverage for infringement of third-party proprietary rights (for example trademark and copyright) if such coverage is reasonably commercially available.
4. Supplier will maintain either active policy coverage or an extended reporting period providing coverage for claims first made and reported to the insurance company within 12 months after termination or expiration of this PO.
5. Upon request, Supplier will provide Nexraid with proof of the required insurance coverage. If Nexraid reasonably determines that Supplier’s coverage is not adequate, Supplier will promptly buy additional coverage and notify Nexraid in writing.


## Non-Disclosure of Confidential Matters
1. If the parties have entered into a standard Nexraid Non-Disclosure Agreement, the terms of such agreement will apply to and be incorporated in this PO and all terms and conditions of this PO and Nexraid Materials will be deemed Confidential Information.
2. If the parties have not entered into a standard Nexraid Non-Disclosure Agreement, then Supplier agrees that during the term of this PO and for 5 years thereafter, Supplier will hold in strictest confidence, and will not use or disclose to any third party, any Nexraid Confidential Information. The term "Nexraid Confidential Information" means all non-public information that Nexraid or an affiliated company designates, either in writing or orally, as confidential, or which, under the circumstances of disclosure ought to be treated as confidential.
3. Nexraid Confidential Information includes:
   1. The terms and conditions of this PO;
   2. Released or unreleased Nexraid software or hardware products;
   3. Marketing or promotion of any Nexraid product;
   4. Business policies or practices of Nexraid;
   5. Customers or suppliers of Nexraid;
   6. Nexraid Materials or any information provided by Nexraid under this PO or obtained or created by Supplier while providing the Goods or Services; or
   7. Information received from others that Nexraid must treat as confidential.
4. If Supplier has questions regarding what comprises Nexraid Confidential Information, Supplier will consult Nexraid. Nexraid Confidential Information will not include information known to Supplier before Nexraid’s disclosure to Supplier, or information that becomes publicly available through no fault of Supplier.

## Audit
1. During the term of this PO and for 4 years after, Supplier agrees to keep all usual and proper records and books of account and all usual and proper entries related to its costs and expenses pertinent to this PO.
2. During the above referenced period, Nexraid may audit and/or inspect the applicable records and facilities to verify statements or invoices issued by Supplier and confirm Supplier’s compliance with this PO.
3. Any such audit will be conducted by Nexraid corporate internal audit personnel or by a certified public accountant firm selected by Nexraid. Supplier agrees to provide Nexraid’s designated audit or inspection team reasonable access to the Supplier records and facilities.
4. If the auditors determine that Nexraid overpaid Supplier, Supplier will reimburse Nexraid for any such overcharge. Nexraid will bear the expense of its auditors or inspection team. However, if the audit shows Supplier overcharged Nexraid by 5% or more during such audit period, Supplier will reimburse Nexraid for such expenses.


## Assignments
No right or obligation under this PO (including the right to receive monies due) will be assigned without the prior written consent of Nexraid. Any assignment without such consent will be void. Nexraid may assign its rights under this PO.


## Notice of Labour Disputes
Whenever an actual or potential labour dispute delays or threatens to delay the timely performance of this PO, Supplier will immediately notify Nexraid in writing of such dispute and furnish all relevant details. Supplier will include a provision identical to the above in each subcontract and, immediately upon receipt of such notice, give written notice to Nexraid. 


## Patent License
Notwithstanding other conditions stated herein, if Supplier fails in performance according to the terms of this PO, Supplier, as part of the consideration for this PO and without further cost to Nexraid, automatically grants to Nexraid an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license to use, sell, manufacture, and cause to be manufactured any and all products, which embody any and all inventions and discoveries made, conceived, or actually reduced to practice by or on behalf of Supplier in connection with a Deliverable under this PO. 

## Applicable Law
The laws of Singapore apply to this purchase order. 

## Use of Trademarks for Publicity
Supplier will not issue press releases or other publicity related to Supplier’s relationship with Nexraid or this PO without prior written approval from Nexraid. If written approval is granted, Supplier may only use Trademarks for Services and Deliverables in compliance with the guidelines at https://docs.nexraid.com/design


## Severability, URLs
If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any PO provision is illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect. URLs also refer to successors, localizations, and information or resources linked from within websites at those URLs. 


## Survival
The provisions of this PO which, by their terms, require performance after the termination or expiration or have application to events that may occur after the termination or expiration of this PO, will survive the termination or expiration of this PO. All indemnity obligations will be deemed to survive the termination or expiration of this PO.
