---
uuid: eb6e0df0-0596-4aeb-9c28-e5932d769e4b
draft: false
title: "Service Level Agreement"
path: /Service-Level-Agreement
description: "Overview of Nexraid Service Level Agreement"
keywords: 
  - sla
  - agreement
  - serviceLevel
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - openSource
sidebar: Service-Level-Agreement
date: 2020-01-05
version_date: 2020-01-05
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Service Level Agreement
* Support from the vendor is for sustaining current business operations includes. The service includes an option up to 24/7 offsite system support with unlimited 4h onsite SLA. A member of the vendor’s team will be available any time 7 days a week to accept and address inbound support issues, the client will be able to reach the vendor via email or call.
* Nexraid warrants that all reasonable efforts will be made to resolve service requests in a timely manner and to provide the fastest practicable resolution of technical inquiries. To have the request addressed timely by Nexraid Support Team, you might need to assign proper priorities and severity levels to the support request you submit based on how critical the problem is. Priorities indicate the urgency of response from Nexraid that you require.
* “Initial response time” is measured from the time of receipt of a support request at the Nexraid side. Our criteria for initial responses are in the table below. “Initial response” does not necessarily mean resolution of the issue. For details about Incident Response Time, please refer to [Incident Response Time](https://docs.nexraid.com/Service-Level-Agreement/Incident-Response-Time).
* Nexraid will establish response commitment based on severity level (A0/A/B/C/D/E). For details about Incident Severity Level, please refer to [Incident Severity Level](https://docs.nexraid.com/Service-Level-Agreement/Incident-Severity-Level). 
