---
uuid: 13575937-f29d-4b14-858e-30208567020f
draft: false
title: "Definition and Abbreviation"
path: /Definition-and-Abbreviation
description: "Definition and Abbreviation inside Nexraid Docs"
keywords: 
  - definition
  - abbreviation
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - openSource
sidebar: 
date: 2020-01-09
version_date: 2020-01-09
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Definition and Abbreviation
Throughout NexRaid Documentation, the definition of:

## A
### Administrator Data
"Administrator Data" means the information provided to Nexraid or its Affiliates during signup, purchase, or administration of Products. 

### Affiliate
"Affiliate" means any legal entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party. An entity will deem to have control over affliliate when they have obtain ownership of more than a 50% interest of voting securities in an entity or the power to direct the management and policies of an entity.

### Audit Logs
"Audit Logs" is an audit trail (also called audit log) is a security-relevant chronological record, set of records, and/or destination and source of records that provide documentary evidence of the sequence of activities that have affected at any time a specific operation, procedure, or event.


## C
### Client
Same as [Customer](#Customer).

### Computer Security
Same as [System Security](#System-Security).

### Confidential Information
“Confidential Information” is non-public information that is designated “confidential” or that a reasonable person should understand is confidential, including, but not limited to, Customer Data, the terms of this Agreement, and Customer's account authentication credentials. Confidential Information does not include information that:
1. becomes publicly available without a breach of a confidentiality obligation;
2. the receiving party received lawfully from another source without a confidentiality obligation;
3. is independently developed; or
4. is a comment or suggestion volunteered about the other party's business, products or services.

### Customer
"Customer" means the entity or individual that has
1. purchased any of our products.
2. engage any of our services.

### Customer Data
"Customer Data" means all data, including all text, sound, software, image or video files that are provided to Nexraid or its Affiliates by, or on behalf of, Customer and its Affiliates through use of Online Services. 

### Cybersecurity
Same as [System Security](#System-Security).


## D
### Data
"Data" is
1. processed by means of equipment operating automatically in response to instructions given for that purpose,
2. recorded with the intention that it should be processed by means of such equipment,
3. recorded as part of a relevant filing system or with the intention that it should form part of a relevant filing system.

### Data Breach
"Data Breach" is the intentional or unintentional release of secure or private/confidential information to an untrusted environment. Other terms for this phenomenon include unintentional information disclosure, data leak, information leakage and also data spill. Incidents range from concerted attacks by black hats associated with organized crime, political activist or national governments to careless disposal of used computer equipment or data storage media and unhackable source.

### Data Controller
"Data Controller" is a person who (either alone or jointly with other persons) determines the purposes for which, and the manner in which, any Personal data is to be processed. They have a responsibility to establish practices and policies in line with PDPA.

### Data Processing
"Data Processing" are any activity that involves use of Personal data. It includes obtaining, recording or holding the data, or carrying out any operation or set of operations on the data including organising, amending, retrieving, using, disclosing, erasure or destruction. Processing also includes transferring Personal data to third parties.

### Data Processors
"Data Processors" is any person, other than an employee of the Data Controller who processes Personal data on behalf of a Data Controller, i.e. third parties that process or handle Personal data on our behalf.

### Data Subject
"Data Subject" is an individual who is the subject of Personal data. Data subjects have legal rights in relation to the handling and processing of their Personal data.

### Data User
"Data User" is anyone whose work involves the use and or processing of Personal data. Data users have a duty to protect the information they handle by following and adhering to the Data Protection and Information Security policies at all times.

## E
### Educational Institutions
"Educational Institution" is a public or private school, elementary, primary, intermediate, secondary or high school, extraordinary school for the disabled, vocational school, job training establishment, correspondence school, junior college, college of education, university, scientific or technical institute, polytechnic, academy or religious school which meets all of the following criteria: 
1. Offers courses of study that lead to a certification that is recognized as part of a country’s mainstream educational progression.  (Examples of such certifications include: International Baccalaureate; School Certificate, Associate Diploma, Diploma; Bachelor Degree; Masters Degree; Doctorate); and
2. Is accredited by the Ministry/Department of Education or appropriate recognized education accreditation agency within the country. In the absence of direct accreditation, there must be accreditation by proxy (i.e. the certification offered by the school or institution must be acceptable for credit or placement in a traditionally accredited educational institution locally or overseas); and
3. Substantially all of the institution’s student enrolments (>90%) must be in educational courses leading to an accredited certification recognized, with only incidental enrollments in non-accredited programs.

### End User
"End User" means any person Customer permits to use a Product or access Customer Data.

### End User License Agreement (EULA)

## I
### Incident Response Team (IRT)

### Information Security
"Information Security" is the practice of protecting information by mitigating information risks. It is part of information risk management. It typically involves preventing or at least reducing the probability of unauthorized/inappropriate access, use, disclosure, disruption, deletion/destruction, corruption, modification, inspection, recording or devaluation, although it may also involve reducing the adverse impacts of incidents.

### Information Technology Security
Same as [System Security](#System-Security).


## N
### Nexraid
"Nexraid" means Nexraid Consulting Pte Ltd based in Republic of Singapore.

### Nexraid Consulting
"Nexraid Consulting" means Nexraid Consulting Pte Ltd based in Republic of Singapore.

### Network Security
"Network Security" consists of the policies and practices adopted to prevent and monitor unauthorized access, misuse, modification, or denial of a computer network and network-accessible resources.

### Non-Nexraid Product
"Non-Nexraid Product" means any third-party branded software, data, service, website or product, unless incorporated by Nexraid in a Product.

## O
### Online Services
"Online Services" means Nexraid-hosted services to which Customer subscribes under this Agreement. It does not include software and services provided under separate license terms.

### Online Services Terms
"Online Services Terms" means the additional terms that apply to Customer's use of Online Services published on the Licensing Site and updated from time to time.

### Outsourcing
"Outsourcing" is an agreement in which one company hires another company to be responsible for a planned or existing activity that is or could be done internally, and sometimes involves transferring employees and assets from one firm to another.

### Operating Procedure
Same as [Standard Operating Procedure (SOP)](#Standard-Operating-Procedure-SOP).


## P
### Partner
"Partner" means a company Nexraid has authorized to distribute Products to Customer.

### Personal Data
Same as [Personally Identifiable Information (PII)](#Personally-Identifiable-Information-PII).

### Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA)

### Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
"Personally Identifiable Information" can be factual (i.e. name, address or date of birth) or an opinion (i.e. performance appraisal). PII are any information which relates to a natural person who can be identified
1. from that data or,
2. from that data and other information in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

### Physical Security
"Physical Security" describes security measures that are designed to deny unauthorized access to facilities, equipment and resources and to protect personnel and property from damage or harm.

### Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA)
"Privacy Impact Assessment" is a type of impact assessment conducted by an organization (typically, a government agency or corporation with access to a large amount of sensitive, private data about individuals in or flowing through its system). The organization audits its own processes and sees how these processes affect or might compromise the privacy of the individuals whose data it holds, collects, or processes.

### Product
"Product" means all Software, Hardware and Online Services identified in the Product Terms that Nexraid offers under this Agreement, including previews, pre-release versions, updates, patches and bug fixes from Nexraid. Product availability may vary by region.  "Product" does not include non-Nexraid Products.

### Product Terms
"Product Terms" means the document that provides information about Products available under this Agreement. The Product Terms document is published on the Licensing Site and is updated from time to time.

### Publisher
"Publisher" means a provider of a non-Nexraid Product.

## R
### Removable Media
"Removable Media" is a form of computer storage that is designed to be inserted and removed from a system.

### Representatives
"Representatives" means a party's employees, Affiliates, contractors, advisors and consultants.

### Risk Assessment
"Risk Assessment" is the combined effort of:
1. identifying and analyzing potential events that may negatively impact individuals, assets, and/or the environment;
2. making judgments "on the tolerability of the risk on the basis of a risk analysis" while considering influencing factors.


## S

### Service Level Agreement (SLA)
"Service Level Agreement" means the minimum service level for the Online Services and is published on the Licensing Site.

### Subject Access Request (SAR)

### Security Event
Same as [Security Event](#Security-Incident).

### Security Incident
"Security Incident" may be defined as:
1. Any actual or inferred incident or event that has the potential to impact the Confidentiality, Integrity or Availability of systems, services or information owned or used by the company or any of its associated third parties;
2. Any actual or inferred incident or event which could result in the compromise, loss of information, loss of operational capabilities, systems availability or impact to any physical and logical asset, including to all persons, premises, systems and data contained therein;
3. An event that breaches legislation, regulation or company policy;
4. A known risk that through inaction allows or assists and information security breach to materialise.

### Sensitive Personal Data
"Sensitive Personal Data" includes information about a person's racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or similar beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health or condition or sexual life, or about the commission of, or proceedings for, any offence committed or alleged to have been committed by that person, the disposal of such proceedings or the sentence of any court in such proceedings. Sensitive Personal data can only be processed under strict conditions, and usually requires the express consent of the data subject.

Sensitive Personal data is defined as information relating to an individuals’:
* Racial or ethnic origin
* Political opinions
* Religious beliefs
* Membership of a Trade Union
* Physical and mental health or condition
* Sexual life
* Commission or alleged commission of any offence
* Proceedings for any offence committed or allege to have been committed, including the disposal of such proceedings or sentence by any court.

### Software
"Software" means licensed copies of Nexraid software identified in the Product Terms. Software does not include Online Services, but Software may be part of an Online Service.

### Software Development
"Software Development" is the process of conceiving, specifying, designing, programming, documenting, testing, and bug fixing involved in creating and maintaining applications, frameworks, or other software components.

## Staff
"Staff" are
1. all employees (permanent or temporary); and
2. any other person engaged to work on behalf of Nexraid in relation to its business activities, including any persons engaged through third parties or directly as a consultant, worker or agent.

### Standard Operating Procedure (SOP)
"Standard Operating Procedure" is a set of step-by-step instructions compiled by an organization to help workers carry out complex routine operations. SOPs aim to achieve efficiency, quality output and uniformity of performance, while reducing miscommunication and failure to comply with industry regulations.

### System Security
"System Security" is the protection of computer systems from the theft of or damage to their hardware, software, or electronic data, as well as from the disruption or misdirection of the services they provide.


## T
### Third-party Source
"Third-party Source" means a supplier or service provider who is not directly controlled by either the seller (first party) nor the customer/buyer (second party) in a business transaction. The third party is considered independent from the other two, even if hired by them, because not all control is vested in that connection. There can be multiple third-party sources with respect to a given transaction, between the first and second parties. A second-party source would be under direct control of the second party in the transaction. In Information Technology, Third Party Suppliers is a supplier of software (or a computer accessory) which is independent of the supplier and customer of the major computer product(s).

## U

### Unpaid Executive Staff
"Unpaid Executive Staff" are unpaid staff that act as senior leadership for an entity. Eligible unpaid executive roles include board of directors, president, officers, executive director, and executive program directors only. All other unpaid staff and general volunteers are defined as Volunteers.

### Use
"Use" means to copy, download, install, run, access, display, use or otherwise interact with.

### Use Rights
"Use Rights" means the license terms and terms of service for each Product published on the Licensing Site and updated from time to time. The Use Rights supersede the terms of any end user license agreement that accompanies a Product. License terms for all Products are published in the Product Terms. Terms of service for Online Services are published in the Online Services Terms.

## V
### Volunteers
"Volunteers" are unpaid staff that not part of senior leadership team or senior executive of an entity. Senior executive roles include board of directors, president, officers, executive director, and executive program directors etc.
