---
uuid: 5efce938-4034-45c5-9064-bff1b127f0b8
draft: false
title: "ISP15 - Patching and Anti-Virus Management Policy"
path: /ISP/ISP15-Patching-and-Anti-Virus-Management-Policy
additional_path:
    - "/ISP/ISP15"
    - "/ISP/Patching-and-Anti-Virus-Management-Policy"
    - "/Information-Security/Patching-and-Anti-Virus-Management-Policy"
description: "This policy outlines the Patching and Anti-Virus Management Policy for Nexraid's information system."
keywords: 
  - patching
  - antivirus
  - vulnerability
  - management
  - information
  - security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - ISP15
  - guideline
  - Nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
  - iso27001
  - iso27701
sidebar: isp
date: 2021-11-01
version_date: 2022-08-19
version_name: 2.0.0
version_changelog: Merge our original policy with the version audited by DPTM
author: danny
manager: lunghao
---


# Nexraid Information Security Policy 15 – Patching and Anti-Virus Management Policy

## Document Details
* Doc ID: ISP15
* Doc Title: Patching and Anti-Virus Management Policy
* Revision: 2.0
* Effective Date: 1 September 2022
* Last Review Date: 19 August 2022
* Author: Danny Tan
* Approver: Liu Lung Hao

## Introduction
Nexraid Consulting must balance employees' needs to use applications and information within all information processing systems to protect information against the compromise of confidentiality, integrity, and availability. This policy defines the measures to prevent and minimize accidental or intentional security incidents caused by out-dated applications in the areas of security and business continuity.

## Scope
This policy applies to all Nexraid Consulting employees and IT department is responsible for the vulnerability threats against information security in the areas of vulnerability monitoring, vulnerability risk assessment, patching, asset tracking and any coordination effort required.


## Procedures for Systems Hardening
1. All operating systems, appliance and applications which offer networked services shall be hardened in accordance to the applicable hardening standards.
2. Only hardened operating systems and applications can be rolled into production/operations.

## Procedures for Patching
1. All identified vulnerabilities shall be categorized based on their potential threat level and their patches applied accordingly. Rectification of “critical” and “high” categories of vulnerability will be completed within 1 week upon detection. Rectification of “medium” category will be completed within 1 month upon detection. All vulnerability scans/assessments on critical systems are to be conducted at least monthly.
   * Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) v3.0 Ratings
      * Critical: 9 - 10 CVSS (1 Week)
      * High: 7 – 8.9 CVSS (1 Week)
      * Medium: 3 – 6.9 CVSS (1 Month)
      * Low: 0 – 2.9 CVSS
2. Patches should be assessed, tested and evaluated before they are installed to ensure they are effective and do not result in any side effects to office and production applications.
3. Patches update for applications will be based on system owner and vendors judgement according to preventive maintenance schedule.
4. Software patches that helps in removing or reducing security weakness shall be applied.
5. If patches are not available within the stipulated timeframe, the following controls should be considered:
   1. Turning off the services or capabilities related to the vulnerabilities
   2. Adapting or adding access controls at firewall
   3. Increase the monitoring to detect or prevent actual attacks
   4. Raising the awareness of the vulnerability
   5. Patches should be applied in the descending order of system criticality.

## Procedures Anti-Virus Management

### Detection of Virus Attack
1. If a virus is already known about (and the virus signatures on the host are up to date) it should be detected by the virus checking software. This will also restrict the spread of the virus, quarantine it and if possible, remove it. Such incidents are less urgent due to the fact that they do not spread and are dealt with locally. However, it is quite possible that a virus may be new and so go undetected by the virus checking software. In this case, the host PC or server will become infected, may experience the effects of the virus and will continue to infect other hosts.
2. The main way in which the virus will be detected therefore is via the effects it has on the host or the network. It is impossible to predict what these effects may be as they depend entirely on the creator of the virus, but they may include:
   1. Unusual behavior of the PC or server e.g., the machine “having a mind of its own”
   2. Unexpected error or informational messages being displayed
   3. Data or files being removed or altered
   4. Unusually heavy network traffic
   5. Host may run slowly
   6. Host may reboot itself for no apparent reason
   7. Access to files and network drives may be affected

### Immediate Actions
1. If an unknown (and therefore untreated) virus is detected, the following actions must be taken as quickly as possible:
   1. Try to Isolate the Affected Machine(s)
   2. Remove the network lead from all affected machines
   3. Try to isolate the virus by removing connections between the site which is affected and other sites
   4. Disconnect the network from all external networks such as the Internet

### Identify the Symptoms of the Virus 
Obtain as complete a picture as possible of the symptoms and effects of the virus
This will be useful in detecting further occurrences and in finding a fix from the anti-virus software supplier

### Inform All Relevant Parties 
1. Communicate with all users to ensure that they contact the IT Department immediately if they experience the symptoms of the virus
2. Inform any other third parties to whom we may have passed the virus
3. If known, inform the organisation that is thought to be the source of the virus

### Obtain a Fix and/or Corrective Action 
1. Look on the website of the anti-virus supplier to see if a virus meeting the description of the one affecting our network has been identified
2. If not, contact the supplier to report what may be a new virus and obtain guidance as to the approach to take
3. If it has been identified, obtain the fix and/or corrective action

### Preventive Measures
1. All workstations whether connected to the network, or standalone, must use the company approved virus protection software and configuration.
2. Virus protection software must not be disabled or by-passed.
3. The settings for the virus protection software must not be altered in a manner that will reduce the effectiveness of the software.
4. The automatic update frequency of the virus protection software must not be altered to reduce the frequency of updates.
5. Each file server attached to the network must utilize approved virus protection software and setup to detect and clean viruses that may infect file shares.
6. Every virus that is not automatically cleaned by the virus protection software constitutes a security incident and must be reported to the IT Department.