---
uuid: 29b5e25e-90eb-482e-8162-bf0aef05e3eb
draft: false
title: "Penetration Testing Methodology"
path: /Information-Security/Penetration-Testing-Methodology
description: "Penetration Testing Methodology inside Nexraid Consulting"
keywords: 
  - pentest
  - methodology
  - testing
  - network
  - informationSecurity
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - openSource
sidebar: information-security
date: 2020-01-10
version_date: 2020-01-10
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: kiathan
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Penetration Testing Methodology
## Introduction
This document is to be used as NexRaid Consulting Pte Ltd (NexRaid) methodology for carrying out penetration testing for testing and verifying PCI compliance.


## Scope of Document
The scope of this document covers all penetration testing and re-testing.


## Methodology
NexRaid is to follow this methodology by making use of certified third-party service that includes the following: 

* Approach is to follow an industry-accepted penetration testing standard. 
* Cover the whole CDE environment both from within the environment and from the outside.  
* Test the environment to validate adequate segmentation and scope-reducing controls. 
* Covers network-layer penetration tests that inspect both network functions and operating systems. 
* Defines application-layer penetration tests that review all vulnerabilities listed in PCI requirement 6.5. 
* Testing is to cover all resent vulnerabilities and threats that were identified in the last 12 months. 
* Retention of penetration testing results and a detailed audit of activities taken to remediate any findings and their subsequent re-testing.

Penetration testing methodology is to adhere to all commitments outlined by NexRaid policies.
