---
uuid: f3359f86-9a58-4478-bc00-1bb50fd04ea3
draft: false
title: "Mobile Computing and Teleworking Policy"
path: /Information-Security/Mobile-Computing-and-Teleworking-Policy
description: "This policy outlines the Mobile Computing and Teleworking Policy for Nexraid's information system."
keywords: 
  - mobile
  - computing
  - teleworking
  - remote
  - working
  - information
  - security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - Nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
  - iso27001
  - iso27701
sidebar: information-security
date: 2021-11-01
version_date: 2021-11-01
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version after audited by ISO27001
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---


# Mobile Computing and Teleworking Policy

## Introduction
Controls should be implemented that are appropriate with the types of users, settings of mobile/tele-working users, and sensitivity of the applications and data being accessed from mobile/tele-working settings. Policies for use of mobile computing devices and work in off-site settings (“tele-work”) should aim for information security equal or greater than that for devices which remain in the office and work in on-site settings, where technically and operationally feasible. 

## Scope
This policy applies to mobile computing devices, remote virtual private network (VPN) access to Nexraid applications and any end user (including 3rd parties) that performs remote tele-work.
   1. Laptop, notebook and tablet computers.
   2. Portable storage devices 
   3. Any other type of component capable of using, displaying, storing or transmitting the organization’s information.

## Procedures

### Mobile Computing
1. Staff must not remove Personal Data or Business Confidential Information from company premise without authorization from his manager.
2. All portable devices to encrypt by default. 
3. All the company-issued computing devices used for the company purpose needs to be protected from virus and malware including data protection with necessary precautions taken and anti-virus updated. Staff must not disable the antivirus protection software on any mobile device.
4. Selected laptops utilized by members of the company which contains sensitive data/information are to be encrypted.
5. All personal or company mobile computing devices must be in their physical custody, either in their cabinet or in their pocket and never allowed to keep it in unattended conditions without any physical protection.
6. All such computing devices must be protected by password so that un-authorized person cannot use it.
7. Backup of the critical company information of such computing devices onto the server needs to be done on a periodic basis according to users’ requirements.
8. Besides laptops, all other personal computing devices connected in network must be authorized by IT HOD. No employees are authorized to connect personal computing devices in the network and all precautions are taken on that via Wi-Fi or WLAN connection.
9. Staff must not dispose of any classified media (including paper) off-site. Waste should be returned to company office location for disposal.
10. Use of information assets (like laptops) in public areas should be kept to an absolute minimum, due to the threats of “overlooking” and theft. Any member of staff choosing to use information and/or mobile data devices in these public areas that results in any related information security incident will be required to state why the usage was required in that situation and the efforts they made to protect the information and equipment such as usage of screen privacy filter.
11. Users are responsible for ensuring that unauthorized individuals are not able to see information on these systems.
12. A 3rd party vendor/supplier or other company business partner connecting a mobile device to the company network must follow all related policies and remain compliant with the security requirements of company.

### Remote Access
1. Users of any type are permitted to connect their personal equipment to company networks only SharePoint and Outlook applications, using existing encryption and authentication process of the applications. In summary, data in transit must be encrypted.
2. 3rd party vendor/supplier are also allowed to access company files via similar applications.
3. Only authorized persons are allowed to access company information when used at home using company devices whenever possible. If other forms of devices or media are required, downloading of any company information is not permitted unless authorized. Unauthorized individuals, including family members, must not be allowed to access any company equipment or data. Use of any information at home must be for work purposes only.
4. Staff must ensure the security of information within their home from theft. Where possible the company equipment or data should be stored in a locked container (filing cabinet, lockable briefcase). If this is not possible, when not in use it should be neatly filed and stored away.