---
uuid: ab5d2fe3-b120-403d-8991-9b30207df5a7
draft: false
title: "ISP03 - Data Backup Policy"
path: /ISP/ISP03-Data-Backup-Policy
additional_path:
    - "/ISP/ISP03"
    - "/ISP/Data-Backup-Policy"
    - "/Information-Security/Data-Backup-Policy"
description: "This policy outlines the backup policy for Nexraid's information system."
keywords: 
  - backup
  - recovery
  - data-backup
  - information
  - security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - ISP03
  - isp
  - guideline
  - Nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
  - iso27001
  - iso27701
sidebar: isp
date: 2021-11-01
version_date: 2022-08-01
version_name: 2.0.0
version_changelog: Merge our original policy with the version audited by DPTM
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---


# Nexraid Information Security Policy 03 – Data Backup Policy

## Document Details
* Doc ID: ISP03
* Doc Title: Data Backup Policy
* Revision: 2.0
* Effective Date: 1 August 2022
* Author: Liu Lung Hao
* Approver: Chairman of Nexraid Information Security Steering Committee

## Introduction
Information residing in Nexraid Consulting, related to the company and its clients, are valuable assets within the organization. Information loss poses a serious risk of monetary and reputation effect for the company. It is vital that the company has effective data backup and restoration procedures to ensure its business continuity during crisis and disaster recovery.

## Scope
This policy applies to all Nexraid Consulting’s employees to store their data in the appropriate areas for backup. Technical department will be in charge of regular backups and review periodically the backup data.

## Backup Schedule and Testing

1. Depends on applications and database specific, periodic backup is conducted from Monday to Sunday. If for maintenance and job failed reasons, backups conducted daily are performed on the next working day.

2. Data to be backed up include the following information:
   1. E-Mail Database (Outlook – Microsoft 365 Cloud-Platform)
   2. File Database (OneDrive and SharePoint – Microsoft 365 Cloud Platform)

3. Backup files are saved and stored at Acronis or Azure cloud-based storage system daily and the same set at such cloud-based storage is meant for business continuity and disaster recovery purposes.

4. Process of restoration/verification and testing of selected critical media backup files should be conducted on a yearly basis as part of the disaster recovery and business continuity readiness.