---
uuid: 7ba7126d-3f32-4803-966c-fa523be06393
draft: false
title: "ISP17 - System Logging and Clock Synchronization Policy"
path: /ISP/ISP17-System-Logging-and-Clock-Synchronization-Policy
additional_path:
    - "/ISP/ISP17"
    - "/ISP/System-Logging-and-Clock-Synchronization-Policy"
    - "/Information-Security/System-Logging-and-Clock-Synchronization-Policy"
description: "This policy outlines the System Logging and Clock Synchronization Policy for Nexraid's information system."
keywords: 
  - system
  - logging
  - clock
  - sync
  - synchronization
  - telemetry
  - management
  - information
  - security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - ISP17
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
  - iso27001
  - iso27701
sidebar: isp
date: 2021-11-01
version_date: 2022-08-01
version_name: 2.0.0
version_changelog: Merge our original policy with the version audited by DPTM
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Information Security Policy 17 – System Logging and Clock Synchronization Policy

## Document Details
* Doc ID: ISP17
* Doc Title: System Logging and Clock Synchronization Policy
* Revision: 2.0
* Effective Date: 1 August 2022
* Author: Liu Lung Hao
* Approver: Chairman of Nexraid Information Security Steering Committee

## Introduction
Nexraid Consulting must balance employees' needs to access information with the organizational obligation and to protect information confidentiality, integrity, and availability. Part of such protection is record/log various information activities and movement to deter, prevent and minimize accidental or intentional security breaches caused by employee. Such logging, together with the clock synchronization system will facilitate any investigation and response to security faults or/and incidents.

## Scope
This policy applies to all Nexraid Consulting employees and technical department is responsible for the setting up of the logging and clock synchronization system.


## Procedures for System Logging

### System Audit Logs
1. Information to be logged shall be identified and agreed. The log should include the following:
   1. User ID
   2. Date and time of key events (log-on, log-off)
   3. Terminal identity or location if possible
   4. Records of successful or rejected system access attempts
   5. Records of successful or rejected data and other resources attempts
   6. Changes to system configuration
   7. Use of privileges
   8. Use of system utilities and applications
   9. Files accessed and type of access
   10. Network addresses and protocols
   11. Alarms raised by access control system
   12. Activation or de-activation of protections systems (anti-virus, intrusion detection)
2. Logging mechanism remains operational at all times.
3. Administrator shall monitor and alert when the log is almost full and be halted when the audit log is full where technically possible.
4. Logs of user access should be reviewed every 6 months.
5. Retention of logs should be kept for at least 3 months.
6. Logging facilities and log information should be protected against tempering and unauthorised access inclusive of the following:
   1. Alterations to the message types that were recorded
   2. Log files being edited or deleted
   3. Storage capacity of log file media being exceeded, resulting in either failure to record events or over-writing of past recorded events.

### Administrator and Privileged Logs
1. Administrator activities should be monitored, and this should be made known to them. Activity to be monitor includes:
   1. Date and time which an event (success or failure) occurred
   2. Information of the event (files handled) or failure (error occurred and corrective actions taken)
   3. Which account and which administrator was involved
   4. Which process was involved
2. Administrator logs will be backed-up and retained for investigation purposes if required. Such logs should be protected against corruption.
3. All administrator actions should be reviewed monthly.


### System Fault Logs
1. System faults should be logged, analysed and appropriate action taken.
2. Fault reported by users or by system programs related to problems should be logged. Clear rules stated for the handling reported faults include:
   1. Review of fault logs to ensure faults have been satisfactorily resolved
   2. Review of corrective measures to ensure controls have not been compromised and actions take are fully authorised.
2. All fault logs should be reviewed quarterly.


### Protection of Log Information
1. Logs should be protected from unauthorised changes and access to the log files should be logged.
2. Size of logs files should be checked periodically that it does not exceed its logging capacity


### Procedures for Clock Synchronization
1. Clocks of all relevant information processing systems within the company or security domain should be synchronized with an agreed accurate time source. Correct setting of computer clocks is important to ensure accuracy of audit logs, which may be required for investigations or as evidence in legal or disciplinary cases.
2. Where a computer or device has the capability to operate a real-time clock within the company security domain, this clock should be set to an agreed standard, e.g., Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) or local standard time. Check on the accuracy of all clocks are to done yearly.
3. All production security domain devices are automatically synchronized with server system local standard time.
4. All office security domain devices (laptops, desktops) are automatically synchronized with server system local standard time.
5. All network security domain devices (routers, switches) are automatically synchronized with server system local standard time.