---
uuid: 41c3bda5-482c-4299-b469-39c6c3995f52
draft: false
title: "Nexraid Privacy Policy"
path: /Legal/Privacy-Policy
additional_path:
    - "/Legal/Privacy-Statement"
    - "/Legal/Privacy"
    - "/Privacy"
description: "This Statement is to inform you of how Nexraid collect, use, disclose and process data and personal data relating to you, or that may relate to a third party individual and is provided by you."
keywords: 
  - overview
  - legal
  - agreement
  - privacy
  - policy
  - statement
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: legal
date: 2020-01-05
version_date: 2020-01-05
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---


# Nexraid Privacy Policy
Last updated: 5 January 2020


## “Confidential by Default, Secured by Design.”
Nexraid really respects your privacy, exactly as it is declared in company privacy statements. We want you to feel secure when visiting our website and providing information to us. Nexraid will only gather, use and disclose your personal information with your consent.

This Privacy Policy has been prepared to inform you of the information we gather and how we use it. This Privacy Policy applies to all Nexraid websites and agreements that display or link to this Privacy Policy. Some information may also be collected offline, and this Notice applies to the offline data collection as well.

We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving our service quality. By using our services, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.


## Personal Identifiable Information

'Personal Identifiable Information' (PII) is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Example of PII are your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other information that can be used to identify you.

## When does Nexraid collect information?

Generally, you may visit our websites without providing any personal information or identifying yourself. We only collect customer information via the "opt-in" method, where visitors or customers must affirmatively elect to provide Nexraid with their information. However, we may collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, attending an event, fill out a form, use Live Chat, open a Support Ticket or enter information on our site. The type of information collected may include standard contact information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, and technical or demographic information.

Our website or services may also collect certain information from your visit and from your behaviour while visiting our website or using our services, including the date and time of your access, the pages you have accessed and the name of the Internet Service Provider and/or Internet Protocol Address by which you are accessing the Internet, and the Internet address(es) from which you linked to our website, if applicable.


## Why does Nexraid collect information?

In order to provide you with relevant information, respond to your requests, and increase the benefits that you receive from our website and services, we sometimes request that you provide us with information about yourself. This information is used to better understand how our website and services are being used in order to improve the quality of our website and services, and to enable us to comply with agreements between Nexraid and referring or linked websites.


## How does Nexraid use your information?

We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
* To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
* To inform you of the latest Nexraid developments, including new product releases, upgrades, special offers and other relevant information.
* To improve our website and services to better serve you.
* To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
* To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
* To quickly process your transactions.
* To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
* To follow up with them after correspondence (event, live chat, email or phone inquiries)

The information we collect is intended for Nexraid business purposes only. In certain instances, we may make your information available to third parties that are providing services on our behalf. Nexraid will only provide those third parties with information that is necessary for them to perform the services and who have agreed to take measures to protect your information that are at least as stringent as the measures that we take ourselves. We may also disclose your information to our business partners, for marketing and other business purposes, and as a result we or our business partners may communicate with you from time to time via email, telephone or physical mail. If at any time you tell us that you no longer wish to receive these communications, they will be halted promptly. Any personal information we may collect may be used, stored and processed in the Singapore or in other countries where Nexraid or our business partners have offices in or does business. By providing information to Nexraid, you are consenting to the transfer of the information outside of your respective country to any other country throughout the world.

Nexraid may disclose information that has been collected from you if we are required to do so by law or to protect the rights of Nexraid, its employees or its business partners.

Certain Nexraid products contain features that permit file sharing or synchronization with other users of Nexraid products. If use these features, you acknowledge and agree that:
1. You consent to the disclosure of the transferred information to the recipient
2. The transfer (and the transferred information) is compliant to all terms and conditions of the Nexraid Software and Services
3. Nexraid is not responsible for the transferred content or for the complete, accurate or error-free transfer itself


## How does Nexraid protect your information?

Nexraid strictly protects the security of your personal information and honours your choice for its intended use. We have taken steps to secure and safeguard the information that we collect online, including the use of proven and effective security solutions.

Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive information you supply is encrypted at file level and transfer via Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol. All payment transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.

However, the internet is an open forum and data may flow across multiple networks with inferior or no security measures, and therefore information may possibly be accessed by third parties other than those you intend to access it. Should a data breach occur, we will notify you via email or phone within 15 business days or the soonest that the investigating authority allows us to do so.


## What is ‘cookies’?

Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer.

## Does Nexraid use 'cookies'?

Yes. We use cookies to:
* Understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity to optimise for future visits.
* Keep track of advertisements.
* Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.


## How to disable ‘cookies’?

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. Most Web browsers accept cookies by default, but if you choose to disable them, you can simply change your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.

If you decline to accept cookies, you may not receive the full benefits that our website has to offer.

To learn more, or to opt-out of receiving online display advertisements tailored to your interests by our third party partners, visit the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices.


## Third-party Disclosure

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.

However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. 

## Third-party Links

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.


## Removal Procedures

As all information is collected via opt-in methods or through name card or event contact exchange, we believe all information you receive from Nexraid will be relevant to your computing needs. However, if you do not wish to receive communications from Nexraid, simply click on the unsubscribe button under the marketing email or email support@nexraid.com.


## Changes to our Privacy Policy
Nexraid may update or modify this privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice to you, and each such update or modification becomes applicable immediately upon publication. Please review this notice often so that you can be aware of our latest policies on privacy and collection of personal information. Your continued use and visitation of the Nexraid websites constitutes your consent to the provisions of this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time.

## How do we contact Nexraid?
If after reading this policy, you have any questions about Nexraid' privacy policy; please email to support@nexraid.com