---
uuid: 41c3bda5-482c-4299-b469-39c6c3995f52
draft: false
title: "Nexraid Privacy Statement"
path: /Legal/Privacy-Statement
additional_path:
    - "/Legal/Privacy-Policy"
    - "/Legal/Privacy"
    - "/Privacy"
description: "This Statement is to inform you of how Nexraid collect, use, disclose and process data and personal data relating to you, or that may relate to a third party individual and is provided by you."
keywords: 
  - overview
  - legal
  - agreement
  - privacy
  - policy
  - statement
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: legal
date: 2020-01-05
version_date: 2022-08-18
version_name: 2.0.0
version_changelog: Merge our original policy with the version audited by DPTM
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---


# Nexraid Privacy Statement
Last updated: 1 August 2022


## “Confidential by Default, Secured by Design.”
Nexraid really respects your privacy, exactly as it is declared in our Data Protection Notices. We want you to feel secure when visiting our website and providing information to us. Nexraid will only gather, use and disclose your personal information with your consent.

This Privacy Statement has been prepared to inform you of the information we gather and how we use it. This Privacy Statement applies to all Nexraid websites and agreements that display or link to this Privacy Statement. Some information may also be collected offline, and this Notice applies to the offline data collection as well.

We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving our service quality. By using our services, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.


## Personal Identifiable Information
'Personal Identifiable Information' (PII) is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Example of PII are your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other information that can be used to identify you.


## When does Nexraid collect information?
Generally, you may visit our websites without providing any personal information or identifying yourself. We only collect customer information via the "opt-in" method, where visitors or customers must affirmatively elect to provide Nexraid with their information. However, we may collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, attending an event, fill out a form, use Live Chat, open a Support Ticket or enter information on our site. The type of information collected may include standard contact information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, and technical or demographic information.

Our website or services may also collect certain information from your visit and from your behaviour while visiting our website or using our services, including the date and time of your access, the pages you have accessed and the name of the Internet Service Provider and/or Internet Protocol Address by which you are accessing the Internet, and the Internet address(es) from which you linked to our website, if applicable.


## Why does Nexraid collect information?
In order to provide you with relevant information, respond to your requests, and increase the benefits that you receive from our website and services, we sometimes request that you provide us with information about yourself. This information is used to better understand how our website and services are being used in order to improve the quality of our website and services, and to enable us to comply with agreements between Nexraid and referring or linked websites.


## How does Nexraid use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you in any or all of the following ways:
* To perform obligations in the course of or in connection with our provision of the goods and/or services requested by you.
* To verify your identity.
* To manage your relationship with us.
* To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
* To inform you of the latest Nexraid developments, including new product releases, upgrades, special offers and other relevant information.
* To improve our website and services to better serve you.
* To allow us to better service you in responding to, handling, and processing queries, requests, applications, complaints, and feedback from you.
* To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
* To quickly process your transactions.
* To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
* To follow up with them after correspondence (event, live chat, email or phone inquiries)
* To comply with any applicable laws, regulations, codes of practice, guidelines, or rules, or to assist in law enforcement and investigations conducted by any governmental and/or regulatory authority
* To perform any other incidental legitimate business purposes related to or in connection with the above.

The information we collect is intended for Nexraid business purposes only. In certain instances, we may make your information available to third parties that are providing services on our behalf. Nexraid will only provide those third parties with information that is necessary for them to perform the services and who have agreed to take measures to protect your information that are at least as stringent as the measures that we take ourselves. We may also disclose your information to our business partners, for marketing and other business purposes, and as a result we or our business partners may communicate with you from time to time via email, telephone or physical mail. If at any time you tell us that you no longer wish to receive these communications, they will be halted promptly. Any personal information we may collect may be used, stored and processed in the Singapore or in other countries where Nexraid or our business partners have offices in or does business. By providing information to Nexraid, you are consenting to the transfer of the information outside of your respective country to any other country throughout the world.

Nexraid may disclose information that has been collected from you if we are required to do so by law or to protect the rights of Nexraid, its employees or its business partners.

Certain Nexraid products contain features that permit file sharing or synchronization with other users of Nexraid products. If use these features, you acknowledge and agree that:
1. You consent to the disclosure of the transferred information to the recipient
2. The transfer (and the transferred information) is compliant to all terms and conditions of the Nexraid Software and Services
3. Nexraid is not responsible for the transferred content or for the complete, accurate or error-free transfer itself


## Consequences of Not Providing the Required Personal Data
Please be noted that should you not consent and provide us with the relevant and/or sufficient personal data to fulfil the “Purposes” of collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by Nexraid, we may not be able to provide, operate and administer Nexraid products and/or services.


## Withdrawing of Consent
[@include Withdrawing of Consent](Withdrawing-of-Consent.md)


## Access To and Correction of Personal Data
[@include Access To and Correction of Personal Data](Access-To-and-Correction-of-Personal-Data.md)


## How does Nexraid protect your information?
[@include Protection of Personal Data](Protection-of-Personal-Data.md)

For more information, you may also refer to our Data Protection Notice.
* For Customer: (/Data-Protection/NTC02-Notice-for-Customer)
* For Employees: (/Data-Protection/NTC03-Notice-for-Employees)
* For Job Applicants: (/Data-Protection/NTC04-Notice-for-Job-Applicants)


## Accuracy of Personal Data
[@include Accuracy of Personal Data](Accuracy-of-Personal-Data.md)


## Retention of Personal Data
[@include Retention of Personal Data](Retention-of-Personal-Data.md)


## Transfers of Personal Data Outside of Singapore
[@include Transfers of Personal Data Outside of Singapore](Transfers-of-Personal-Data-Outside-of-Singapore.md)


## What is ‘cookies’?
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer.


## Does Nexraid use 'cookies'?
Yes. We use cookies to:
* Understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity to optimise for future visits.
* Keep track of advertisements.
* Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.


## How to disable ‘cookies’?
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. Most Web browsers accept cookies by default, but if you choose to disable them, you can simply change your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.

If you decline to accept cookies, you may not receive the full benefits that our website has to offer.

To learn more, or to opt-out of receiving online display advertisements tailored to your interests by our third party partners, visit the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices.


## Third-party Disclosure
Personal data collected may be disclosed to third parties for Nexraid to effectively manage its business. However, we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.

However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. 


## Third-party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.


## How do we contact Nexraid Data Protection Officer?
If after reading this policy, you have any questions about Nexraid's Privacy Statement. Please contact our Data Protection Officer:
[@include DPO Contact](DPO-Contact.md)


## Changes to our Privacy Statement
Nexraid may update or modify this Privacy Statement from time to time without prior notice to you, and each such update or modification becomes applicable immediately upon publication. Please review this notice often so that you can be aware of our latest policies on privacy and collection of personal information. Your continued use and visitation of the Nexraid websites constitutes your consent to the provisions of this Privacy Statement, as amended from time to time.