# Data Breach Management Plan
The purpose of this data breach management plan is to enable swift response and manage any data breaches in a systematic manner and to minimise damages and harm to individual/customer(s). 

## Probable Data Breach Scenarios
Malicious activities can be perpetuated by an external party or from within the organisation, such as:
* Hacking, ransomware, distributed denial of service incidents or unauthorised access to databases containing personal data
* Unauthorised modification or deletion of personal data
* Theft of computer notebooks, data storage devices or paper records containing personal data
* Scams (e.g., phishing attacks) that trick organisations into releasing personal data of individuals

## Human Error
Typically, human errors can be caused by employees, such as:
* Loss of computer notebooks, data storage devices or paper records containing personal data
* Sending personal data to a wrong e-mail or physical address, or disclosing personal data to a wrong recipient
* Unauthorised access or disclosure of personal data by employees
* Improper disposal of personal data (e.g., hard disk, storage media or paper documents containing personal data sold or discarded before data is properly deleted)
* Poor cyber hygiene practices such as using of weak or poor passwords

## Computer System Weaknesses
Computer hardware or software issues may also lead to data breaches. For example, errors or bugs in the programming code of websites, databases, applications and other internet downloads and usage of outdated software may be exploited to gain access to personal data stored on computer systems.

## Response to Data Breach
Each data breach response needs to be tailored to the circumstances of the incident. The actions taken in the event of a data breach to follow four key steps (using the acronym of C.A.R.E):
1. Contain the data breach to prevent further compromise of data and implement mitigating action(s) to minimise potential harms from the breach.
2. Assess the data breach by gathering the facts and assessing the effectiveness of containment action(s) taken thus far before proceeding to implement full remedial actions. Where necessary, continuing efforts should be made to prevent further harm from the data breach.
3. Report the data breach to:
    * The PDPC (mandatory if the breach is a notifiable data breach under the PDPA. Organisations may inform PDPC of the breach voluntarily); and/or
    * The affected individuals (if required under the DBN Obligation). The data breach mail advisory notice is reflected below template and flowchart for data notification.
4. Evaluate response to the data breach and consider the actions which can be taken to prevent future data breaches. The post data breach evaluation report is to be used after data breach/exercise.