---
uuid: a752b14c-dbbb-43d4-9b05-9149d690071f
draft: false
title: "Security Awareness Training"
path: /Information-Security/Security-Awareness-Training
description: "This training introduce developers to secure coding practices as well as increase security awareness for all other staff."
keywords: 
  - security
  - awareness
  - training
  - information-security
  - data
  - protection
  - policy
  - guideline
  - Nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: information-security
date: 2020-01-10
version_date: 2020-01-10
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: kiathan
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Security Awareness Training
## Introduction
The security of Nexraid is of vital operational importance in order to maintain the Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability of business operations thereby preserving the corporate reputation, brand and market credibility, whilst ensuring that only appropriately authorised and approved activities are conducted on those systems.


## Scope of Document
The scope of this document covers all software developed and used internally and applies to all members of staff, irrespective of their immediate role within Nexraid.


## Purpose
The purpose of this document is to introduce developers to secure coding practices as well as increase security awareness for all other staff. Understanding and knowing good practices is vital for all developers and is highly beneficial to all other staffs.
 
 
## Secure Coding Practices Training
The secure coding practices are referenced from the original OWASP secure coding guide (https://www.owasp.org/images/0/08/OWASP_SCP_Quick_Reference_Guide_v2.pdf).

The detailed write up guide for the top 10 attacks covers the following areas:
* A1:2017 – Injection
* A2:2017 - Broken Authentication
* A3:2017 - Sensitive Data Exposure
* A4:2017 - XML External Entities (XXE)
* A5:2017 - Broken Access Control
* A6:2017 - Security Misconfiguration
* A7:2017 - Cross-Site Scripting (XSS)
* A8:2017 - Insecure Deserialization
* A9:2017 - Using Components with Known Vulnerabilities
* A10:2017 - Insufficient Logging & Monitoring

For a detailed write-up of the top 10 attacks, please access the following link: https://www.owasp.org/images/7/72/OWASP_Top_10-2017_%28en%29.pdf.pdf
 

## Post Training Review
1. Following the training, all staff are to maintain their secure coding practices knowledge by studying previously submitted, tested and verified code.
2. Technical Director is to maintain the training material up-to-date and include any new threats.


## Responsibility
1. Developers are responsible for ensuring they are conversant with the content of the training material.
2. Training material is to be updated upon discovery of any new vulnerabilities which are relevant to the technology used.
