---
uuid: 235b88a2-2d44-40e6-ba02-091a6563719b
draft: false
title: "Nexraid ISMS Manual"
path: /ISMS/ISMS-Manual
additional_path:
    - "/ISMS"
description: "This is Information Security Management System Manual for Nexraid that is compliant to ISO 27001, ISO27701 and Singapore Data Protection Trust Mark (DPTM)."
keywords:
  - isms
  - inforamtion
  - security
  - protection
  - manual
  - iso
  - "27001"
  - "27701"
  - dptm
  - ISMSP00
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: isms
date: 2021-07-01
version_date: 2021-07-01
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: Initial Draft
author: lunghao
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid ISMS Manual

## Document Details
* Doc ID: ISMSP00
* Doc Title: Information Security Management System (ISMS) Manual
* Revision: 1.0
* Effective Date: 1 July 2021
* Author: Liu Lung Hao
* Approver: Chairman of Nexraid Information Security Steering Committee


## Definition and Abbreviation
Capitalized terms have the meanings given under ["Definition and Abbreviation"](https://docs.nexraid.com/Definition-and-Abbreviation).


## Purpose
The purpose of this Information Security Management System ("ISMS") Manual is to provide a high-level overview to management of the main components and processes required to implement, improve, and maintain the ISMS. This manual defines scope, system boundary, key roles, responsibilities, and policies. It guides the management representative to implement and maintain the system on behalf of management of Nexraid Consulting Pte Ltd. ("Nexraid"). It serves external parties to get an overview of the system. Requirements addressed in this manual are requirements which needs specific attention of management. It is not the purpose of this manual to map all requirements. Implementation of policies set in this manual is taken in consideration during internal and external audits.


## Scope and Interfaces of the ISMS
The Information Security Management System is applicable to all operations of Nexraid related to the Information Security and Privacy Information Management System for consulting and managed IT services, software development and management of hybrid cloud.

Registered Address
> 362 Upper Paya Lebar Road, #03-08, Da Jin Factory Building, Singapore 534963

Operation Address
> 182 Cecil Street, Level 17, Frasers Tower, Singapore 069547

Selection of the scope of the ISMS takes in considerations results of risk assessments and can change over time. The adequacy of the scope will be reviewed during management reviews and take in consideration interfaces, business needs and risks. Outsourced processes, which have impact on information security are controlled within the ISMS.


## Context in which Nexraid Operates the ISMS
Nexraid customers have high expectation towards the company's security performance. Customers entrust sensitive information to Nexraid and expect an effective ISMS in place. It is expected that operation of the ISMS enhances trust in the security performance of the company. The ISMS take into consideration customer-specific security requirements and implements processes to meet these requirements. The information security system takes also into consideration requirements defined in various information-related laws and regulations, inclusive of areas in information and electronic transaction, personal data protection, cybersecurity, and copyrights. Security is an inherent requirement for all services provided by Nexraid and needs to be incorporated in all business activities supporting service delivery.

Nexraid is a cloud-based service provider – all Nexraid's product and service offerings to customers are hosted on trusted public cloud service providers' infrastructure; Nexraid does not own nor operate any physical servers on Nexraid's premises.

Clients upload their knowledge documents to the Nexraid web application (via the internet) in a variety of methods. Nexraid then processes these documents using Artificial Intelligence ("A.I.") technology, so that these documents can be subsequently retrieved (via search and browse), on the web application, by the client for re-consumption.

Most client are managed through shared infrastructure separated by access control. Business critical client may have a separate sub-domain. In such scenario, they are not allowed to access documents from other client's sub-domain sites; documents can only be accessed within each client/firm that subscribes to Nexraid cloud services. Each client-specific sub-domain can be access by 1 or more users from the firm, depending on how many accounts the client/firm subscribes to.

Users on Nexraid are divided into 2 types – Admin and non-Admin ("Normal") Users, with Admin Users having more rights than Normal Users.

Aside for the technical product/service Nexraid provides to customers, Nexraid's business operations reside in Microsoft 365 (Internal User Administration, Email, Cloud Drive), and several cloud-based project management tools that are subscribed on a yearly/monthly basis.


### Understanding the Needs and Expectations of Interested Parties
The Management of Nexraid ensures that information security needs and expectations of its clients are determined and implemented as appropriate by means of:
* Reviewing SLAs and contracts
* Monitoring changes in legal requirements
* Evaluating feedback from customers
* Conducting internal audits (Refer to ISMSP01 for Internal Audit Procedures)
* Engaging 3rd parties in security audits
The Management-appointed representative is responsible for ensuring that such needs are understood and addressed at all levels of Nexraid. Refer to chart:

| S/N | Interested parties                   | Related Requirements                                                                                           | Channel                                                | Type of Requirements | Responsibility      |
|:---:|:------------------------------------:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------:|:--------------------:|:-------------------:|
| 1   | Customers                            | Contractual / SLA                                                                                              | Specific Contractual requirements                      | Stated & Obligatory  | Lung Hao + Wiseteam |
| 2   | Government                           | Legal, Regulatory & Statutory                                                                                  | Government Updates & websites                          | Stated & Obligatory  | Lung Hao + Wiseteam |
| 3   | Regulators                           | Legal, Regulatory & Statutory                                                                                  | Regulator Updates & websites                           | Stated & Obligatory  | Lung Hao + Wiseteam |
| 4   | Emergency Services                   | Collaboration                                                                                                  | Emergency Services Updates & websites                  | Obligatory           | Lung Hao            |
| 5   | Media                                | Ethical Conduct                                                                                                | Media Feedback                                         | Implied              | Lung Hao            |
| 6   | Neighbours                           | Ethical Conduct                                                                                                | Public Feedback                                        | Implied              | Lung Hao            |
| 7   | Public                               | Ethical Conduct                                                                                                | Public Feedback                                        | Implied              | Lung Hao            |
| 8   | Non-Govt Org                         | Ethical Conduct                                                                                                | Public Feedback                                        | Implied              | Lung Hao            |
| 9   | Competitors                          | Ethical Conduct                                                                                                | Industry Feedback                                      | Implied              | Lung Hao            |
| 10  | Business partners Vendors, Suppliers | Contractual / SLA                                                                                              | Specific Contractual requirements                      | Stated & Obligatory  | Lung Hao + Wiseteam |
| 11  | Top Management                       | Business Continuity of service taking into account interested party requirements                               | Strategic and Key management guidance and expectations | Stated & Obligatory  | Lung Hao            |
| 12  | Staff                                | Staff personal safety and well-being including role in emergency response, recovery and resumption of services | Staff Feedback                                         | Obligatory           | Lung Hao            |

_Definition: Stated - clearly expressed or identified; specified; Obligatory - required by a legal, moral, or other rule; Implied - suggested but not directly expressed._


## ISMS and PIMS Policy and Objectives
### Information Security and Privacy at Nexraid
Overall objective of the ISMS and PIMS is to effectively manage risks related to availability, confidentiality, and integrity of information, as well as ensure the security of the company's product and services.

Nexraid Information Security and Privacy Policy provides the foundation for the Provision Information Security and Privacy Information Management System for consulting and managed IT services, software development and management of hybrid cloud. This policy aims to promote information security and privacy at the workplace and the collective responsibility of the management and all employees in observing information security and privacy practices.

As part of our ISMS framework, Nexraid aims to provide a safe and secure information flow operating environment to safeguard company's information and privacy assets from potential information security and privacy threats and minimizing impacts of information security and privacy related incidents.

To achieve these objectives, we will ensure that our ISMS and PIMS is in continual compliance with:
1. ISO 27001:2013 Standards;
2. ISO 27701:2019 Standards;
3. Nexraid organizational information security and privacy policies and procedures; and
4. Current applicable legislation, regulatory, statutory requirements, including other Service Level Agreements to which Nexraid subscribes to.

Nexraid is committed to ensuring the information security of our operations and protection of our information assets and infrastructure through the continual improvement of our ISMS and PIMS. This policy will be effectively communicated to our internal and external stakeholders so that they will be aware of our information security and privacy expectations.

It is expected that all employees, contractors, and interns understand this information security and privacy policy as applicable. The assigned Management Representative monitors the overall understanding and implementation of this policy and ensures that information security and privacy management requirements are integrated with business processes as needed.


### Information Security and Privacy Objectives
Overall purpose of the ISMS and PIMS is to derive objectives from the ISMS and PIMS policy and to achieve them. Objectives are based on business needs, customer requirements and results from risk assessment. Objectives can be qualitative and quantitative. Objectives are regularly reviewed and if not achieved corrective actions shall be taken.

Objectives include:
* Minimizing customer dissatisfaction/complaints on information security performance.
* Reducing system down time and minimizing response/recovery time on major incidents/disaster.
* Transferring risk to third parties.
* Monitoring company staff's awareness in information security.

| S/N | Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)                                                                                                           | Target                                                                                                                          | Responsible Team      |
|:---:|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:---------------------:|
| 1   | Reaction/response time on any incident                                                                                                      | Providing response, assess and decide on next course-of-action within 24 hours from incident notification including data breach | Customer Support Team |
| 2   | Breach of SLA requirement per year related to confidentiality, integrity and availability of system, information services and privacy data  | Uptime of 99%, excluding Scheduled Maintenance                                                                                  | Customer Support Team |
| 3   | Customers' complaint cases per year related to confidentiality, integrity and availability of system, information services and privacy data | < 3 cases                                                                                                                       | Customer Support Team |
| 4   | Staff training and awareness in information security and privacy                                                                            | > 80% attendance                                                                                                                | DPO                   |

Detailed security objectives are derived from contracts, SLAs, regulatory requirements, and business needs. Management representative is responsible to monitor definition and achievement of security objectives.

## Resources Identification and Provision
It is the responsibility of the Management Representative to identify needs of resources and to report to Management. Resources needed by the ISMS are determined and taken in consideration:
* Customer requirements
* Technological needs
* Regulatory requirements
* Business objectives and capabilities
* Needs for improvements
* Resources include:
   * Manpower
   * Qualification and competence
   * Technology
   * Infrastructure
* Infrastructure requirements include:
   * Office buildings, suitable workspace for employees and related utilities
   * Hardware and software resources, office automation equipment
   * Suitable supporting services such as communication, scanning facilities, etc.
   * Security systems


### Competence Evaluation
Personnel assigned to tasks related to information security must be suitably trained and/or experienced. This includes tasks related to:
* Securing company's infrastructure
* Configuration of security relevant systems
* PII protection policies and procedures
* Implementation of security technologies
* Specifying security requirements for systems or system components
* Maintaining and evaluating the ISMS

Competence is checked based on applicable education, training, skills and experience. Hiring personnel takes in consideration requirements for security know-how.

### Evaluation of Training Needs
Training needs are evaluated taken in considerations:
* Job descriptions
* Use of tools
* New technology
* Customer needs and requirements
* Near misses and incidents (Refer to ISMSP08 Incident Management Procedures) 
* Internal audit findings
* Risk treatment decisions
* Qualification needed to implement security objectives

It is the responsibility of the Human Resource Department ("HR") to ensure that security qualification is adequate. Adequacies of resources, qualification and competency are reviewed, during:
* Management Review
* Contract Review 
* Internal ISMS Audits

### Awareness and Participation
Effective information security and privacy management needs participation by all employees. Employees needs to understand and support the implementation of the ISMS policy. Suitable ISMS system awareness programs are arranged for all the employees by the management representative to ensure that the requirements are well understood at all levels. HR takes appropriate measure in case of security breaches.

Employees shall be aware of:
* Information security and privacy policies;
* Their contribution to the effectiveness of the information security and privacy management system, including the benefits of improved information security performance; and
* Implications of not conforming to the information security and privacy management system requirements.


## Communication of Information Security and Privacy Requirements
All information security and privacy related communication is by default in English. Clear communication protocols are important to ensure that security and privacy requirements are understood, timely and effectively communicated. This includes communication with external and internal parties. Clear communication must ensure that security and privacy requirements, breaches and nonconformities are timely addressed. Business continuity management and disaster recovery communication requirements and protocols must be tested. Refer to ISMSP03 on Communication Procedures.

Prior to communication, all relevant details related to the ISMS such as information security (IS) policies, information privacy policies (IPS) and ISMS procedures shall be properly documented. Refer to ISMSP04 for Document Control Procedures.

All communication protocols and procedures relevant to information security and privacy shall clearly determine:
* Who communicates what to whom; and
* When to communicate.

Processes by which communication is affected shall be taken in account.


## Roles and Responsibilities
For ISMS Organizational Chart, please refer to internal document.

### Top Management / Chairman
* Formalise ISMS framework.
* Approve additional resource allocation in the program.
* Approve risk related documentation and program strategy.
* Resolve issues that require top management decisions.

### Management Representative
* Ensure effectiveness of ISMS in supporting all operations.
* Reports about the performance of the ISMS to top management.
* Plan, conduct and manages internal audits.
* Organizes risk assessments and follow-up.
* Oversee operation managers' activities concerning information security and privacy.

### Head of Department (HOD)
* Responsible for information security, privacy and customer compliance requirement.
* Accountable to ensure that all primary assets in his area of responsibility are protected adequately.
* Ensures that relevant security and privacy objectives are identified, and controls are implemented effectively.
* Tracking and recording of customer complaints including related to actual or potential security breaches. Corrective action procedure applies in this case refer to those documented in the ISMSP02 Non-conformances and Corrective Actions.
* Identify information security risks (including risks on availability, integrity and confidentiality) related to his area of responsibility and to report to the Management Representative.
* Maintain a register of its primary assets.
* Ensure that reports understand and comply relevant security policies.

### Head of Technical Team / IT Department
* Maintains a register of all supporting IT assets.
* Supporting all operations areas with all technical and system means.
* Defines technical procedures to implement IT security measures needed to address IT related risks.

### Technical Team / IT Department
* Reports to the Head Technical Team and assist in day-to-day security operations as instructed and stipulated in relevant SOPs.

### Employees, Interns, and Contracted Personnel
* All employees, interns, and contracted personnel are required to understand the ISMS policy and to comply with all requirements applicable to them.

### Data Protection Officer (DPO)
* Reports to Management Representative.
* Keeping up to date with organisation's data protection policies and practices.
* Ensuring organisation's compliance with data protection obligations.
* Developing processes to manage data protection related queries and complaints from the public.
* Point of contact through support ticketing system for cloud service customers with regards to queries on PII related matters.

> Primary assets are information directly creating value for the organization; Supporting assets are assets on which primary assets rely on or assets, which are used to protect primary assets.


## Information Security and Privacy Risk Management
Objective of the risk management and privacy process is to ensure that risks are identified, adequate treatment options are taken, and achievement of business objectives are supported by effective risk management activities. Refer to ISMSP05 for Risk Methodology Procedures.

Effective information security and privacy risk management includes:
1. Definition of risk criteria
2. Effective identification of risks including vulnerabilities and threats
3. Detailed analysis and understanding of risks
4. Evaluation of risks in the context of Nexraid
5. Assignment of risk owners
6. And selection of adequate risk treatment options
7. Risk treatment options include:
   1. Avoiding the risk by deciding not to start or continue with the activity that gives rise to the risk
   2. Transfer of risks to other parties
   3. Acceptance of risk and retaining the risk by informed decision
   4. Taking or increasing the risk in order to pursue an opportunity
   5. Removing the risk source
   6. Sharing the risk with another party or parties

Details are defined in the Risk Methodology Procedure - ISMSP05.


## Evaluation of the ISMS Effectiveness and Efficiency
With reference to information security and privacy objectives and the ISMS policy, top management reviews the overall performance of the ISMS at least annually. In case of significant changes in the organization, customer or technology additional reviews will be conducted. Objectives should be achieved under minimizing resources needed in order to achieve highest efficiency of the ISMS. Refer to ISMSP07 for Performance Monitoring Procedures. 

Evaluation of the ISMS provides answers to the following questions:
* Is the risk management process effective in identification and treatment of risks?
* Are objectives clearly defined and do they support to implement the ISMS policy?
* Are controls effective and do they achieve their objectives?
* Are the measures implemented cost effective?


## Improvements and Corrective Actions
ISMS of Nexraid is continually improved by the means of:
* Corrective actions (Refer to ISMSP02 on CAR Procedures)
* Feedback from management in management reviews
* Review of achievements of information security targets and objectives
* Adjustments to the ISMS policy if needed
* Evaluation against industry best practices and standards

### Non-conformity and Corrective Action
#### Identification of Non-conformity
* Non-conformity is any deviation from specified requirements of the ISMS. Non-conformities can be raised by internal auditors, any employee or external parties and customers.
* Non-conformities are identified in day-to-day operations, management reviews and internal audits. They can relate to not meeting objectives, customer expectations or relate to incidents and near misses.
* Non-conformity is reviewed in accordance with a documented procedure and subject to decision taken as per following:

#### React to the Non-conformity, and as applicable:
* Record the non-conformity
* Define responsibilities to supervise implementation of corrective actions
* Identify the root-cause(s)
* Action to be taken to control and correct it
* Evaluate and deal with the consequences

Evaluate the need for action to eliminate the root-causes of non-conformity, in order that it does not recur or occur elsewhere, by:
* Reviewing the non-conformity and corrective actions
* Determining if similar non-conformity exist, or could potentially occur
* Considering changes to the information security management system if necessary

### Corrective Action
A corrective action is needed in case nonconformity, failure to achieve of objectives or any other undesirable situations, which can lead to a failure to meet information security objectives and policies.
* Actions are to be taken to eliminate the cause of non-conformity associated with the implementation and operation of the ISMS in order to prevent recurrence. 

### Procedure for Corrective Action includes:
* Identification of non-conformities of the implementation and/or operation of the ISMS or customer complaints and any end-product non-conformities
* Investigation of the cause of non-conformities relating to product, process and ISMS system and recording the results of the investigation
* Evaluation for the need of actions to ensure that non-conformities does not repeat
* Corrective action needed to eliminate the cause of non-conformities is determined and implemented
* Recording the results of action taken
* Effectiveness of such corrective action is reviewed
Effectiveness of any corrective action taken are reviewed by the person initiating the corrective action in cooperation with the management representative. Overall effectiveness in implementing corrective actions is monitored in internal audits and management reviews as applicable.

Corrective actions shall be appropriate to the effects of the nonconformities encountered (ISMSP02 CAR)


### Continual Improvement
These include:
* Review and adjustments to the ISMS policy
* More effectiveness in achievement of security and privacy objectives and targets
* Increased efficiency in achieving objectives
* Implementing actions resulting from management reviews


### Management Review of the ISMS
Management of Nexraid systematically reviews its ISMS for its continuing suitability and effectiveness in confirming the requirements of ISO/IEC 27001. The review includes verification of implementation of our ISMS Policy and objectives.
Review identifies areas, which require improvement and evaluate need for changes for effective functioning of the system. This review is carried out at least annually by Managing Director or his nominee by holding Management Review Meeting, which is attended by Top Management & Functional Heads.
During such reviews, opportunities for improvement and the need for introducing any changes to the ISMS are also discussed. Deliberations of such reviews are consolidated and maintained as Management Review records by the Management Representative together with the action plans. Refer to ISMSP06 for Management Review Procedures.

### Review Input
Input to management review includes current performance and improvement opportunities related to the items listed:
* Status of actions from previous management reviews
* Changes in external and internal issues that are relevant to the ISMS
* Status of the ISMS system (accomplishments, concerns, solutions)
* Resources
* Training
* Internal / External ISMS Audit Summary review
* Results of risk assessment and treatment
* Feedback and complaints from Customer or interested parties
* Results of Satisfaction Survey from Customer or interested parties
* Status of nonconformities and corrective and preventive actions
* Status of monitoring and measurement results
* Status of information security objectives
* Techniques, products, or procedures, which could be used in the organization to improve the ISMS
* Techniques, products and procedures for ISMS Performance and effectiveness; review effective measurement with respect to control implementation
* Opportunities for continual improvement
* Changes, if any, to the ISMS management system and its effect
* Follow up on actions from previous management reviews
* Vulnerabilities or threats not adequately addressed in the previous risk assessment
* Feedback from interested parties

### Review Output
Based on management review process actions emerged or decisions for any of the items related to:
* Continual Improvement opportunities for the effectiveness of the ISMS management system and its processes
* Needs for changes to the ISMS
* Modification of procedures that effect information security, as necessary, to respond to internal or external events that may impact on the ISMS, including changes to:
   * Business requirements
   * Security requirements
   * Privacy requirements
   * Business processes effecting the existing business requirements
   * Regulatory or legal environment
   * Levels of risk and/or levels of risk acceptance
   * Resource needs


## Cross-reference to ISO/IEC 27001:2013 and ISO 27701:2019 Management Requirements
References to Standard Requirements
| S/N | Manual                                              | Clause ISO/IEC 27001:2013                                                                                                    | Clause ISO/IEC 27701:2019 | Comment |
|:---:|:----------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------------------|:--------|
| 1   | Purpose                                             | 4.1 Understanding the organization and its context; <br/> 4.2 Understanding the needs and expectations of interested parties |                           |         |
| 2   | Scope and Interfaces of the ISMS                    | 4.3 Determining the scope of the ISMS; <br/> 8.1 Operational planning and control                                            |                           |         |
| 3   | Context in which Nexraid Operates the ISMS          | 4. Context of the organization                                                                                               |                           |         |
| 4   | ISMS Policy and Security Objectives                 | 5.1 Leadership and commitment; <br/> 5.2 Policy                                                                              |                           |         |
| 5   | Resource Identification and Provision               | 7.1 Resources                                                                                                                |                           |         |
| 6   | Awareness and Participation                         | 7.3 Awareness                                                                                                                |                           |         |
| 7   | Communication of Information Security Requirements  | 7.4 Communication                                                                                                            |                           |         |
| 8   | Roles and Responsibilities                          | 5.3 Organizational roles, responsibilities and authorities                                                                   |                           |         |
| 9   | Information Security Risk Management                | 6. Planning, <br/>  8. Operation                                                                                             |                           |         |
| 10  | Evaluation of the ISMS Effectiveness and Efficiency | 9. Performance evaluation <br/> 9.3 Management review, <br/> 5.1 Leadership                                                  |                           |         |
| 11  | Improvement and Corrective Actions                  | 10. Improvements                                                                                                             |                           |         |