---
uuid: f686d91d-a33b-47d2-9e01-d83b5152b23e
draft: false
title: "Bring Your Own Device Policy"
path: /Business-Operation/Bring-Your-Own-Device-Policy
description: "Bring Your Own Device Policy covers an employee’s acceptable use of personal devices on corporate networks, defines security controls, and describes supported devices and apps."
keywords: 
  - byod
  - operation
  - business
  - policy
  - guideline
  - nexraid
  - docs
  - open-source
sidebar: business-operation
date: 2020-01-10
version_date: 2020-01-10
version_name: 1.0.0
version_changelog: First version
author: kiathan
manager: lunghao
---

# Nexraid Bring Your Own Device Policy
## Overview
NexRaid grants its employees the privilege of purchasing and using smartphones and tablets of their choosing at work for their convenience. NexRaid reserves the right to revoke this privilege if users do not abide by the policies and procedures outlined below. This policy is intended to protect the security and integrity of NexRaid’s data and technology infrastructure. Limited exceptions to the policy may occur due to variations in devices and platforms.


## BYOD Terms
NexRaid employees must agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this policy in order to be able to connect their devices to the company network.

### Acceptable Use
* The company defines acceptable business use as activities that directly or indirectly support the business of NexRaid.
* The company defines acceptable personal use on company time as reasonable and limited personal communication or recreation, such as reading or game playing.
* Employees are blocked from accessing certain websites while connected to the corporate network at the discretion of the company. Such websites include, but are not limited to:
   * Malicious
   * Gambling
   * Games
   * Adult/Sexually Explicit
   * Criminal Activity
   * Hacking
   * Illegal Drugs
   * Violence
   * Weapons
   * Other Potentially Inappropriate Content
* Devices’ camera and/or video capabilities may be enabled while on-site.
* Devices may not be used at any time to:
   * Store or transmit illicit materials
   * Store or transmit proprietary information belonging to another company
   * Harass others
   * Engage in outside business activities
* The following apps are allowed:
   * Entertainment
   * Food & Dining
   * Hobbies & Recreation
   * Career Development
   * Religion
   * Society & Culture
   * Travel
   * Sports
   * Media Streaming
   * Web-based Email
   * Blogs & Forums
   * Chat
   * Photo Searches
   * Social Networking

* The following apps are not allowed:
   * Apps not downloaded through the official Apple iTunes, Google Play Store or Microsoft Store

* Employees may use their mobile device to access the following company-owned resources:
   * Email
   * Calendars
   * Contacts
   * Documents

* NexRaid has a zero-tolerance policy for texting or emailing while driving and only hands-free talking while driving is permitted.


## Devices and Support
* Smartphones including iPhone and Android phones that is within original manifacturer mainstream technical and security support period are allowed.
* Tablets including iPad and Android that is within original manifacturer mainstream technical and security support period are allowed.
* Connectivity issues are supported by IT; employees should contact internal IT support team before contacting the device manufacturer or their carrier for operating system or hardware related issues.
* Devices must be presented to IT for proper job provisioning and configuration of standard apps, such as browsers, office productivity software and security tools, before they can access the network.


## Reimbursement
Depending on the business justification, the company may cover the complete or partial cost of the following:
* Work Device (Laptop, tablet, smartphone)
* Mobile plan
* Cellular roaming when working overseas

## Security
* In order to prevent unauthorized access, devices must be password protected using the features of the device and a strong password is required to access the company network.
* The company’s strong password policy is: Passwords must be at least six characters and a combination of upper- and lower-case letters, numbers and symbols. Passwords will be rotated every 90 days and the new password can’t be one of 15 previous passwords.
* The device must lock itself with a password or PIN if it’s idle for five minutes.
* After five failed login attempts, the device will lock. Contact IT to regain access.
* Rooted (Android) or jailbroken (iOS) devices are strictly forbidden from accessing the network.
* Employees are automatically prevented from downloading, installing and using any app that does not appear on the company’s list of approved apps.
* Smartphones and tablets that are not on the company’s list of supported devices are/are not allowed to connect to the network.
* Smartphones and tablets belonging to employees that are for personal use only are/are not allowed to connect to the network.
* Employees’ access to company data is limited based on user profiles defined by IT and automatically enforced.
* The employee’s device may be remotely wiped if
   1. The device is lost,
   2. The employee terminates his or her employment
   3. IT detects a data or policy breach, a virus or similar threat to the security of the company’s data and technology infrastructure.


## Liabilities
* While IT will take every precaution to prevent the employee’s personal data from being lost in the event it must remote wipe a device, it is the employee’s responsibility to take additional precautions, such as backing up email, contacts, etc.
* The company reserves the right to disconnect devices or disable services without notification.
* Lost or stolen devices must be reported to the company within 24 hours. Employees are responsible for notifying their mobile carrier immediately upon loss of a device.
* The employee is expected to use his or her devices in an ethical manner at all times and adhere to the company’s acceptable use policy as outlined above.
* The employee is personally liable for all costs associated with his or her device.
* The employee assumes full liability for risks including, but not limited to, the partial or complete loss of company and personal data due to an operating system crash, errors, bugs, viruses, malware, and/or other software or hardware failures, or programming errors that render the device unusable.
* NexRaid reserves the right to take appropriate disciplinary action up to and including termination for non-compliance with this policy.
